Dr. Sebastian Gorka a very good and talented guy has a great new book just out “Why We Fight.” Lots of insight - Enjoy!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE INCLUDING THE HATERS AND THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA! 2019 WILL BE A FANTASTIC YEAR FOR THOSE NOT SUFFERING FROM TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. JUST CALM DOWN AND ENJOY THE RIDE GREAT THINGS ARE HAPPENING FOR OUR COUNTRY!
Happy New Year!
The Democrats much as I suspected have allocated no money for a new Wall. So imaginative! The problem is without a Wall there can be no real Border Security - and our Country must finally have a Strong and Secure Southern Border!
“General” McChrystal got fired like a dog by Obama. Last assignment a total bust. Known for big dumb mouth. Hillary lover! https://t.co/RzOkeHl3KV
One thing has now been proven. The Democrats do not care about Open Borders and all of the crime and drugs that Open Borders bring!
Congratulations to President @JairBolsonaro who just made a great inauguration speech - the U.S.A. is with you!
Border Security and the Wall “thing” and Shutdown is not where Nancy Pelosi wanted to start her tenure as Speaker! Let’s make a deal?
Gas prices are low and expected to go down this year. This would be good!
Washington Examiner - “MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election.”  True!
“Kim Jong Un says North Korea will not make or test nuclear weapons or give them to others - &amp; he is ready to meet President Trump anytime.” PBS News Hour. I also look forward to meeting with Chairman Kim who realizes so well that North Korea possesses great economic potential!
Do you think it’s just luck that gas prices are so low and falling? Low gas prices are like another Tax Cut!
For FAR TOO LONG Senate Democrats have been Obstructing more than 350 Nominations. These great Americans left their jobs to serve our Country but can’t because Dems are blocking them some for two years-historic record. Passed committees but Schumer putting them on hold. Bad!
Here we go with Mitt Romney but so fast! Question will be is he a Flake?  I hope not. Would much prefer that Mitt focus on Border Security and so many other things where he can be helpful. I won big and he didn’t. He should be happy for all Republicans. Be a TEAM player &amp; WIN!
Mexico is paying for the Wall through the new USMCA Trade Deal. Much of the Wall has already been fully renovated or built. We have done a lot of work. $5.6 Billion Dollars that House has approved is very little in comparison to the benefits of National Security. Quick payback!
Important meeting today on Border Security with Republican and Democrat Leaders in Congress. Both parties must work together to pass a Funding Bill that protects this Nation and its people – this is the first and most important duty of government...
...I remain ready and willing to work with Democrats to pass a bill that secures our borders supports the agents and officers on the ground and keeps America Safe. Let’s get it done!
Sadly there can be no REAL Border Security without the Wall!
“MAGA list: 205 ‘historic results’ help Trump make case for 2020 re-election” https://t.co/vtqnUwdhjB
The Shutdown is only because of the 2020 Presidential Election. The Democrats know they can’t win based on all of the achievements of “Trump” so they are going all out on the desperately needed Wall and Border Security - and Presidential Harassment. For them strictly politics!
The United States Treasury has taken in MANY billions of dollars from the Tariffs we are charging China and other countries that have not treated us fairly. In the meantime we are doing well in various Trade Negotiations currently going on. At some point this had to be done!
https://t.co/JzfXMAPwKP
The RNC has a great Chairwoman in Ronna McDaniel and the @GOP has never been stronger. We achieved historic wins with her help last year! #MAGA🇺🇸
https://t.co/jsOrDtwdEa
Michael Pillsbury interviewed by @cvpayne: “They have the motive of making the President look bad – instead of President Trump being portrayed as a HERO. The first President to take China on it’s 20 years overdue....
....President Trump deserves a lot of credit but again you have the anti-Trump people who are not going to give him a lot of credit.”
As I have stated many times if the Democrats take over the House or Senate there will be disruption to the Financial Markets. We won the Senate they won the House. Things will settle down. They only want to impeach me because they know they can’t win in 2020 too much success!
How do you impeach a president who has won perhaps the greatest election of all time done nothing wrong (no Collusion with Russia it was the Dems that Colluded) had the most successful first two years of any president and is the most popular Republican in party history 93%?
GREAT JOBS NUMBERS JUST ANNOUNCED!
“Job growth surges by 312000 in December” https://t.co/FCSwxFZjUF
The story in the New York Times regarding Jim Webb being considered as the next Secretary of Defense is FAKE NEWS. I’m sure he is a fine man but I don’t know Jim and never met him. Patrick Shanahan who is Acting Secretary of Defense is doing a great job!
Great new book by Dr. Robert Jeffress “Choosing the Extraordinary Life.” Get it and enjoy!  @LouDobbs
Thank you to Kanye West for your nice words. Criminal Justice Reform is now law - passed in a very bipartisan way!
Great support coming from all sides for Border Security (including Wall) on our very dangerous Southern Border. Teams negotiating this weekend! Washington Post and NBC reporting of events including Fake sources has been very inaccurate (to put it mildly)!
The Democrats could solve the Shutdown problem in a very short period of time. All they have to do is approve REAL Border Security (including a Wall) something which everyone other than drug dealers human traffickers and criminals want very badly! This would be so easy to do!
Many people currently a part of my opposition including President Obama &amp; the Dems have had campaign violations in some cases for very large sums of money. These are civil cases. They paid a fine &amp; settled. While no big deal I did not commit a campaign violation!
I don’t care that most of the workers not getting paid are Democrats I want to stop the Shutdown as soon as we are in agreement on Strong Border Security! I am in the White House ready to go where are the Dems?
We are working hard at the Border but we need a WALL!  In 2018 1.7 million pounds of narcotics seized 17000 adults arrested with criminal records and 6000 gang members including MS-13 apprehended. A big Human Trafficking problem.
The Democrats want Billions of Dollars for Foreign Aid but they don’t want to spend a small fraction of that number on properly securing our Border. Figure that one out!
Great Tweet today by Tyler Q. Houlton @SpoxDHS on the #FakeNews being put out by @CNN a proud member of the Opposition Party. @TSA is doing a great job!
“Former @NYTimes editor Jill Abramson rips paper's ‘unmistakably anti-Trump’ bias.”Ms. Abramson is 100% correct. Horrible and totally dishonest reporting on almost everything they write. Hence the term Fake News Enemy of the People and Opposition Party!
Drug makers and companies are not living up to their commitments on pricing. Not being fair to the consumer or to our Country!
V.P. Mike Pence and team just left the White House. Briefed me on their meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives. Not much headway made today. Second meeting set for tomorrow. After so many decades must finally and permanently fix the problems on the Southern Border!
“Jobs up big plus 312000. Record number working. Manufacturing best in 20 years (Previous administration said this could not happen). Hispanic unemployment lowest ever. Dow plus 747 (for day).” @DRUDGE_REPORT
“The number of employed Americans has now set a 14th record under President Trump. Over the year average hourly earnings have increased by 84 cents or 3.2%. Participation Rate hits Trump-Era High.” CNS NEWS.  And we will do even better with new trade deals and all else!
AP-NORC POLL: “Immigration among the top concerns in 2019.” People want to stop drugs and criminals at the Border. Want Border Security! Tell the Dems to do the inevitable now rather than later. The wait is costly and dangerous!
Will be going to Camp David tomorrow morning for meetings on Border Security and many other topics with @WhiteHouse senior staff.
https://t.co/iSFAokoIP7
“We simply cannot allow people to pour into the United States undetected undocumented unchecked...” Barrack Obama 2005. I voted when I was a Senator to build a barrier to try to prevent illegal immigrants from coming in...” Hillary Clinton 2015.
....The only reason they do not want to build a Wall is that Walls Work! 99% of our illegal Border crossings will end crime in our Country will go way down and we will save billions of dollars a year! A properly planned and constructed Wall will pay for itself many times a year!
Excited to see our friends in Egypt opening the biggest Cathedral in the Middle East. President El-Sisi is moving his country to a more inclusive future!
Our GREAT MILITARY has delivered justice for the heroes lost and wounded in the cowardly attack on the USS Cole. We have just killed the leader of that attack Jamal al-Badawi. Our work against al Qaeda continues. We will never stop in our fight against Radical Islamic Terrorism!
V.P. Mike Pence and group had a productive meeting with the Schumer/Pelosi representatives today. Many details of Border Security were discussed. We are now planning a Steel Barrier rather than concrete. It is both stronger &amp; less obtrusive. Good solution and made in the U.S.A.
With all of the success that our Country is having including the just released jobs numbers which are off the charts the Fake News &amp; totally dishonest Media concerning me and my presidency has never been worse. Many have become crazed lunatics who have given up on the TRUTH!...
...The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration and me look as bad as possible. They use non-existent sources &amp; write stories that are total fiction. Our Country is doing so well yet this is a sad day in America!
....The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party. It is truly the Enemy of the People! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting!
Congressman Adam Smith the new Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee just stated “Yes there is a provision in law that says a president can declare an emergency. It’s been done a number of times.” No doubt but let’s get our deal done in Congress!
The Failing New York Times has knowingly written a very inaccurate story on my intentions on Syria. No different from my original statements we will be leaving at a proper pace while at the same time continuing to fight ISIS and doing all else that is prudent and necessary!.....
I am pleased to inform you that I will Address the Nation on the Humanitarian and National Security crisis on our Southern Border. Tuesday night at 9:00 P.M. Eastern.
Endless Wars especially those which are fought out of judgement mistakes that were made many years ago &amp; those where we are getting little financial or military help from the rich countries that so greatly benefit from what we are doing will eventually come to a glorious end!
Economic numbers looking REALLY good. Can you imagine if I had long term ZERO interest rates to play with like the past administration rather than the rapidly raised normalized rates we have today. That would have been SO EASY! Still markets up BIG since 2016 Election!
“The President is the biggest and best supporter of the Steel Industry in many years. We are now doing really well. The Tariffs let us compete. Was unfair that the Steel Industry lost its jobs to unfair trade laws. Very positive outcome.” Mark Glyptis United Steelworkers
Talks with China are going very well!
Congratulations to a truly great football team the Clemson Tigers on an incredible win last night against a powerful Alabama team. A big win also for the Great State of South Carolina. Look forward to seeing the team and their brilliant coach for the second time at the W.H.
https://t.co/Ft6FqQmYfI
Thank you for soooo many nice comments regarding my Oval Office speech. A very interesting experience!
Our Country is doing so well in so many ways. Great jobs numbers with a record setting December. We are rebuilding our military. Vets finally have Choice &amp; Accountability. Economy &amp; GDP are strong. Tax &amp; Reg cuts historic. Trade deals great. But we MUST fix our Southern Border!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forrest fires that with proper Forrest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Billions of dollars are sent to the State of California for Forest fires that with proper Forest Management would never happen. Unless they get their act together which is unlikely I have ordered FEMA to send no more money. It is a disgraceful situation in lives &amp; money!
Thank you to all of America's brave police deputies sheriffs and federal law enforcement on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day! We love you and will always support you. https://t.co/kGL6kPmpDY
Just left a meeting with Chuck and Nancy a total waste of time. I asked what is going to happen in 30 days if I quickly open things up are you going to approve Border Security which includes a Wall or Steel Barrier? Nancy said NO. I said bye-bye nothing else works!
The Mainstream Media has NEVER been more dishonest than it is now. NBC and MSNBC are going Crazy. They report stories purposely the exact opposite of the facts. They are truly the Opposition Party working with the Dems. May even be worse than Fake News CNN if that is possible!
Gave an OFF THE RECORD luncheon somewhat of a White House tradition or custom to network anchors yesterday - and they quickly leaked the contents of the meeting. Who would believe how bad it has gotten with the mainstream media which has gone totally bonkers!
Cryin Chuck told his favorite lie when he used his standard sound bite that I “slammed the table &amp; walked out of the room. He had a temper tantrum.” Because I knew he would say that and after Nancy said no to proper Border Security I politely said bye-bye and left no slamming!
There is GREAT unity with the Republicans in the House and Senate despite the Fake News Media working in overdrive to make the story look otherwise. The Opposition Party &amp; the Dems know we must have Strong Border Security but don’t want to give “Trump” another one of many wins!
“Great support for Border Security and the Wall.” @foxandfriends  Even greater than anyone would know! “Presidents supporters do not want him to cave.” @SteveDoocy I won’t!
Getting ready to leave for the Great State of Texas! #MAGA
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
President Obama thank you for your great support – I have been saying this all along! https://t.co/L506g9Aq4z
Because of the Democrats intransigence on Border Security and the great importance of Safety for our Nation I am respectfully cancelling my very important trip to Davos Switzerland for the World Economic Forum. My warmest regards and apologies to the @WEF!
From the Southern Border.... https://t.co/Vgsf5nEZUH
Dear Diary... https://t.co/NAuMaQW6fl
Will be interviewed at the Border by @seanhannity on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00. Enjoy!
We lose 300 Americans a week 90% of which comes through the Southern Border. These numbers will be DRASTICALLY REDUCED if we have a Wall!
When I took the Oath of Office.... https://t.co/GDhIqteKpv
I often said during rallies with little variation that “Mexico will pay for the Wall.” We have just signed a great new Trade Deal with Mexico. It is Billions of Dollars a year better than the very bad NAFTA deal which it replaces. The difference pays for Wall many times over!
H1-B holders in the United States can rest assured that changes are soon coming which will bring both simplicity and certainty to your stay including a potential path to citizenship. We want to encourage talented and highly skilled people to pursue career options in the U.S.
Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. I just got back and it is a far worse situation than almost anyone would understand an invasion! I have been there numerous times - The Democrats Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy don’t know how bad and dangerous it is for our ENTIRE COUNTRY....
...The Steel Barrier or Wall should have been built by previous administrations long ago. They never got it done - I will. Without it our Country cannot be safe. Criminals Gangs Human Traffickers Drugs &amp; so much other big trouble can easily pour in. It can be stopped cold!
The Fake News Media keeps saying we haven’t built any NEW WALL. Below is a section just completed on the Border. Anti-climbing feature included. Very high strong and beautiful! Also many miles already renovated and in service! https://t.co/UAAGXl5Byr
I look forward to hosting right out of the great State of South Carolina the 2019 NCAA Football Champion Clemson Tigers at the White House on Monday January 14th. What a game what a coach what a team!
Drug prices declined in 2018 the first time in nearly half a century. During the first 19 months of my Administration Americans saved $26 Billion on prescription drugs. Our policies to get cheaper generic drugs to market are working!
.@CNN called a San Diego news station (@KUSINews) for negative reports on the Wall. When the station said that Walls work CNN no longer had interest. #FakeNews https://t.co/IDyXqmDsPq
Wow just learned in the Failing New York Times that the corrupt former leaders of the FBI almost all fired or forced to leave the agency for some very bad reasons opened up an investigation on me for no reason &amp; with no proof after I fired Lyin’ James Comey a total sleaze!
...Funny thing about James Comey. Everybody wanted him fired Republican and Democrat alike. After the rigged &amp; botched Crooked Hillary investigation where she was interviewed on July 4th Weekend not recorded or sworn in and where she said she didn’t know anything (a lie)....
....the FBI was in complete turmoil (see N.Y. Post) because of Comey’s poor leadership and the way he handled the Clinton mess (not to mention his usurpation of powers from the Justice Department). My firing of James Comey was a great day for America. He was a Crooked Cop......
.....who is being totally protected by his best friend Bob Mueller &amp; the 13 Angry Democrats - leaking machines who have NO interest in going after the Real Collusion (and much more) by Crooked Hillary Clinton her Campaign and the Democratic National Committee. Just Watch!
I have been FAR tougher on Russia than Obama Bush or Clinton. Maybe tougher than any other President. At the same time &amp; as I have often said getting along with Russia is a good thing not a bad thing. I fully expect that someday we will have good relations with Russia again!
Lyin’ James Comey Andrew McCabe Peter S and his lover agent Lisa Page &amp; more all disgraced and/or fired and caught in the act. These are just some of the losers that tried to do a number on your President. Part of the Witch Hunt. Remember the “insurance policy?” This is it!
Democrats should come back to Washington and work to end the Shutdown while at the same time ending the horrible humanitarian crisis at our Southern Border. I am in the White House waiting for you!
23% of Federal inmates are illegal immigrants. Border arrests are up 240%. In the Great State of Texas between 2011 &amp; 2018 there were a total of 292000 crimes by illegal aliens 539 murders 32000 assaults 3426 sexual assaults and 3000 weapons charges. Democrats come back!
Democrats could solve the Shutdown in 15 minutes! Call your Dem Senator or Congresswoman/man. Tell them to get it done! Humanitarian Crisis.
I just watched a Fake reporter from the Amazon Washington Post say the White House is “chaotic there does not seem to be a strategy for this Shutdown. There is no plan.” The Fakes always like talking Chaos there is NONE. In fact there’s almost nobody in the W.H. but me and...
....I do have a plan on the Shutdown. But to understand that plan you would have to understand the fact that I won the election and I promised safety and security for the American people. Part of that promise was a Wall at the Southern Border. Elections have consequences!
We have a massive Humanitarian Crisis at our Southern Border. We will be out for a long time unless the Democrats come back from their “vacations” and get back to work. I am in the White House ready to sign!
https://t.co/3IH1yW2eTg
I will be interviewed by Jeanine Pirro at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Watch @JesseBWatters before and @greggutfeld after. All terrific people. I am in the White House waiting for Cryin’ Chuck and Nancy to call so we can start helping our Country both at the Border and from within!
Democrats are saying that DACA is not worth it and don’t want to include in talks. Many Hispanics will be coming over to the Republican side watch!
The building of the Wall on the Southern Border will bring down the crime rate throughout the entire Country!
I’m in the White House waiting. The Democrats are everywhere but Washington as people await their pay. They are having fun and not even talking!
The damage done to our Country from a badly broken Border - Drugs Crime and so much that is bad - is far greater than a Shutdown which the Dems can easily fix as soon as they come back to Washington!
Thousands of illegal aliens who have committed sexual crimes against children are right now in Texas prisons. Most came through our Southern Border. We can end this easily - We need a Steel Barrier or Wall. Walls Work! John Jones Texas Department of Public Safety.  @FoxNews
Wish I could share with everyone the beauty and majesty of being in the White House and looking outside at the snow filled lawns and Rose Garden. Really is something - SPECIAL COUNTRY SPECIAL PLACE!
Starting the long overdue pullout from Syria while hitting the little remaining ISIS territorial caliphate hard and from many directions. Will attack again from existing nearby base if it reforms. Will devastate Turkey economically if they hit Kurds. Create 20 mile safe zone....
....Likewise do not want the Kurds to provoke Turkey. Russia Iran and Syria have been the biggest beneficiaries of the long term U.S. policy of destroying ISIS in Syria - natural enemies. We also benefit but it is now time to bring our troops back home. Stop the ENDLESS WARS!
So sorry to hear the news about Jeff Bozo being taken down by a competitor whose reporting I understand is far more accurate than the reporting in his lobbyist newspaper the Amazon Washington Post. Hopefully the paper will soon be placed in better &amp; more responsible hands!
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! https://t.co/paf1CvesBa
If Elizabeth Warren often referred to by me as Pocahontas did this commercial from Bighorn or Wounded Knee instead of her kitchen with her husband dressed in full Indian garb it would have been a smash! https://t.co/D5KWr8EPan
Best line in the Elizabeth Warren beer catastrophe is to her husband “Thank you for being here. I’m glad you’re here” It’s their house he’s supposed to be there!
The Trump portrait of an unsustainable Border Crisis is dead on. “In the last two years ICE officers made 266000 arrests of aliens with Criminal Records including those charged or convicted of 100000 assaults 30000 sex crimes &amp; 4000 violent killings.” America’s Southern....
....Border is eventually going to be militarized and defended or the United States as we have known it is going to cease to exist...And Americans will not go gentle into that good night. Patrick Buchanan.  The great people of our Country demand proper Border Security NOW!
“Gas prices drop across the United States because President Trump has deregulated Energy and we are now  producing a great deal more oil than ever before.” @foxandfriends  But this is bad news for Russia why would President Trump do such a thing? Thought he worked for Kremlin?
I’ve been waiting all weekend. Democrats must get to work now. Border must be secured!
Nancy and Cryin’ Chuck can end the Shutdown in 15 minutes. At this point it has become their and the Democrats fault!
Getting ready to address the Farm Convention today in Nashville Tennessee. Love our farmers love Tennessee - a great combination! See you in a little while.
“Dems in Puerto Rico as Shutdown hits day 24.” @foxandfriends
The Fake News gets crazier and more dishonest every single day. Amazing to watch as certain people covering me and the tremendous success of this administration have truly gone MAD! Their Fake reporting creates anger and disunity. Take two weeks off and come back rested. Chill!
https://t.co/w5X8jqvtiS
Getting ready to go on stage at the #AFBF100 in New Orleans - packed house! I will try and match the great game played yesterday by the New Orleans Saints and their incredible QB Drew Brees. People here are very excited by the team. Going on stage now! https://t.co/ytZv0HLYun
Spoke w/ President Erdogan of Turkey to advise where we stand on all matters including our last two weeks of success in fighting the remnants of ISIS and 20 mile safe zone. Also spoke about economic development between the U.S. &amp; Turkey - great potential to substantially expand!
For decades politicians promised to secure the border fix our trade deals bring back our factories get tough on China move the Embassy to Jerusalem make NATO pay their fair share and so much else - only to do NOTHING (or worse)....
....I am doing exactly what I pledged to do and what I was elected to do by the citizens of our great Country. Just as I promised I am fighting for YOU!
The rank and file of the FBI are great people who are disgusted with what they are learning about Lyin’ James Comey and the so-called “leaders” of the FBI. Twelve have been fired or forced to leave. They got caught spying on my campaign and then called it an investigation. Bad!
Just announced that Veterans unemployment has reached an 18 year low really good news for our Vets and their families. Will soon be an all time low! Do you think the media will report on this and all of the other great economic news?
Volkswagen will be spending 800 million dollars in Chattanooga Tennessee. They will be making Electric Cars. Congratulations to Chattanooga and Tennessee on a job well done. A big win!
A big new Caravan is heading up to our Southern Border from Honduras. Tell Nancy and Chuck that a drone flying around will not stop them. Only a Wall will work. Only a Wall or Steel Barrier will keep our Country safe! Stop playing political games and end the Shutdown!
Polls are now showing that people are beginning to understand the Humanitarian Crisis and Crime at the Border. Numbers are going up fast over 50%. Democrats will soon be known as the Party of Crime. Ridiculous that they don’t want Border Security!
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamberders etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
Why is Nancy Pelosi getting paid when people who are working are not?
Congratulations @ClemsonFB! https://t.co/w8viax0OWY
Great being with the National Champion Clemson Tigers last night at the White House. Because of the Shutdown I served them massive amounts of Fast Food (I paid) over 1000 hamburgers etc. Within one hour it was all gone. Great guys and big eaters!
There are now 77 major or significant Walls built around the world with 45 countries planning or building Walls. Over 800 miles of Walls have been built in Europe since only 2015. They have all been recognized as close to 100% successful. Stop the crime at our Southern Border!
It is becoming more and more obvious that the Radical Democrats are a Party of open borders and crime. They want nothing to do with the major Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border. #2020!
The Left has become totally unhinged. They no longer care what is Right for our Countrty!
So funny to watch Schumer groveling. He called for the firing of bad cop James Comey many times - UNTIL I FIRED HIM!
Thank you to Amy Kremer Women for Trump Co-Founder for doing such a great interview with Martha MacCallum...and by the way women have the lowest unemployment numbers in many decades - at the highest pay ever. Proud of that!
“In 2018 alone 20000 illegal aliens with criminal records were apprehended trying to cross the Border and there was a 122% increase in fentanyl being smuggled between ports of entry. Last month alone more than 20000 minors were smuggled into the U.S.” @seanhannity
Gregg Jarrett: “Mueller’s prosecutors knew the “Dossier” was the product of bias and deception.” It was a Fake just like so much news coverage in our Country. Nothing but a Witch Hunt from beginning to end!
Border rancher: “We’ve found prayer rugs out here. It’s unreal.”  Washington Examiner   People coming across the Southern Border from many countries some of which would be a big surprise.
Why would Nancy Pelosi leave the Country with other Democrats on a seven day excursion when 800000 great people are not getting paid. Also could somebody please explain to Nancy &amp; her “big donors” in wine country that people working on farms (grapes) will have easy access in!
“It’s the Democrats keeping everything closed.” @JimInhofe  So true!
Another big Caravan heading our way. Very hard to stop without a Wall!
Kevin Corke @FoxNews “Don’t forget Michael Cohen has already been convicted of perjury and fraud and as recently as this week the Wall Street Journal has suggested that he may have stolen tens of thousands of dollars....”  Lying to reduce his jail time! Watch father-in-law!
Never seen the Republican Party so unified. No “Cave” on the issue of Border and National Security. A beautiful thing to see especially when you hear the new rhetoric spewing from the mouths of the Democrats who talk Open Border High Taxes and Crime. Stop Criminals &amp; Drugs now!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
AMERICA FIRST!
https://t.co/6xciJ0ubp0
I will be making a major announcement concerning the Humanitarian Crisis on our Southern Border and the Shutdown tomorrow afternoon at 3 P.M. live from the @WhiteHouse.
Just a son who loves his Dad. Nice! https://t.co/ZI4012Ld7S
https://t.co/wjqVvTqeky
Remember it was Buzzfeed that released the totally discredited “Dossier” paid for by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democrats (as opposition research) on which the entire Russian probe is based! A very sad day for journalism but a great day for our Country!
Fake News is truly the ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
Will be leaving for Dover to be with the families of 4 very special people who lost their lives in service to our Country!
.@newtgingrich just stated that there has been no president since Abraham Lincoln who has been treated worse or more unfairly by the media than your favorite President me! At the same time there has been no president who has accomplished more in his first two years in office!
The Economy is one of the best in our history with unemployment at a 50 year low and the Stock Market ready to again break a record (set by us many times) - &amp; all you heard yesterday based on a phony story was Impeachment. You want to see a Stock Market Crash Impeach Trump!
Many people are saying that the Mainstream Media will have a very hard time restoring credibility because of the way they have treated me over the past 3 years (including the election lead-up) as highlighted by the disgraceful Buzzfeed story &amp; the even more disgraceful coverage!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to stop the Caravan which is now fully formed and heading to the United States. We stopped the last two - many are still in Mexico but can’t get through our Wall but it takes a lot of Border Agents if there is no Wall. Not easy!
I will be live from the White House at 4:00 P.M.
https://t.co/bJ81QkOObW
Always heard that as President “it’s all about the economy!” Well we have one of the best economies in the history of our Country. Big GDP lowest unemployment companies coming back to the U.S. in BIG numbers great new trade deals happening &amp; more. But LITTLE media mention!
Be careful and try staying in your house. Large parts of the Country are suffering from  tremendous amounts of snow and near record setting cold. Amazing how big this system is. Wouldn’t be bad to have a little of that good old fashioned Global Warming right now!
Nancy Pelosi and some of the Democrats turned down my offer yesterday before I even got up to speak. They don’t see crime &amp; drugs they only see 2020 - which they are not going to win. Best economy! They should do the right thing for the Country &amp; allow people to go back to work.
No Amnesty is not a part of my offer. It is a 3 year extension of DACA. Amnesty will be used only on a much bigger deal whether on immigration or something else. Likewise there will be no big push to remove the 11000000 plus people who are here illegally-but be careful Nancy!
Nancy Pelosi has behaved so irrationally &amp; has gone so far to the left that she has now officially become a Radical Democrat. She is so petrified of the “lefties” in her party that she has lost control...And by the way clean up the streets in San Francisco they are disgusting!
Nancy I am still thinking about the State of the Union speech there are so many options - including doing it as per your written offer (made during the Shutdown security is no problem) and my written acceptance. While a contract is a contract I’ll get back to you soon!
Wow just heard that my poll numbers with Hispanics has gone up 19% to 50%. That is because they know the Border issue better than anyone and they want Security which can only be gotten with a Wall.
Don’t forget we are building and renovating big sections of Wall right now. Moving quickly and will cost far less than previous politicians thought possible. Building after all is what I do best even when money is not readily available!
Thank you David! https://t.co/zsmNfTjEDR
The Media is not giving us credit for the tremendous progress we have made with North Korea. Think of where we were at the end of the Obama Administration compared to now. Great meeting this week with top Reps. Looking forward to meeting with Chairman Kim at end of February!
https://t.co/yQkCrpooIT
Will do a fantastic job! https://t.co/YkcenJhzsK
Thanks James! https://t.co/iTdCEEiiRv
A truly great First Lady who doesn’t get the credit she deserves! https://t.co/Wc9bYtoLKq
To all of the great people who are working so hard for your Country and not getting paid I say THANK YOU - YOU ARE GREAT PATRIOTS! We must now work together after decades of abuse to finally fix the Humanitarian Criminal &amp; Drug Crisis at our Border. WE WILL WIN BIG!
Congratulations to Bob Kraft Bill Belichick Tom Brady and the entire New England Patriots team on a great game and season. Will be a fantastic Super Bowl!
Curt Schilling deserves to be in the Baseball Hall of Fame. Great record especially when under pressure and when it mattered most. Do what everyone in Baseball knows is right! @marklevinshow
“No President in modern times has kept more promises than Donald Trump!” Thank you Bill Bennett @SteveHiltonx
Last year was the best year for American Manufacturing job growth since 1997 or 21 years. The previous administration said manufacturing will not come back to the U.S. “you would need a magic wand.” I guess I found the MAGIC WAND - and it is only getting better!
Today we celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. for standing up for the self-evident truth Americans hold so dear that no matter what the color of our skin or the place of our birth we are all created equal by God. #MLKDay https://t.co/pEaVpCB8M4
Democrats campaigned on working within Washington and “getting things done!” How is that working out? #2020TAKEBACKTHEHOUSE
Today it was my great honor to visit the Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial with @VP Mike Pence in honor of #MLKDay https://t.co/YsDEA3kygd
China posts slowest economic numbers since 1990 due to U.S. trade tensions and new policies. Makes so much sense for China to finally do a Real Deal and stop playing around!
If Nancy Pelosi thinks that Walls are “immoral” why isn’t she requesting that we take down all of the existing Walls between the U.S. and Mexico even the new ones just built in San Diego at their very strong urging. Let millions of unchecked “strangers” just flow into the U.S.
Four people in Nevada viciously robbed and killed by an illegal immigrant who should not have been in our Country. 26 people killed on the Border in a drug and gang related fight. Two large Caravans from Honduras broke into Mexico and are headed our way. We need a powerful Wall!
Democrats are kidding themselves (they don’t really believe it!) if they say you can stop Crime Drugs Human Trafficking and Caravans without a Wall or Steel Barrier. Stop playing games and give America the Security it deserves. A Humanitarian Crisis!
Looking like Nick Sandman &amp; Covington Catholic students were treated unfairly with early judgements proving out to be false - smeared by media. Not good but making big comeback! “New footage shows that media was wrong about teen’s encounter with Native American” @TuckerCarlson
Nick Sandmann and the students of Covington have become symbols of Fake News and how evil it can be. They have captivated the attention of the world and I know they will use it for the good - maybe even to bring people together. It started off unpleasant but can end in a dream!
“The Democrats are playing politics with Border Security.”  @foxandfriends
Without a Wall our Country can never have Border or National Security. With a powerful Wall or Steel Barrier Crime Rates (and Drugs) will go substantially down all over the U.S. The Dems know this but want to play political games. Must finally be done correctly. No Cave!
FBI top lawyer confirms “unusual steps.” They relied on the Clinton Campaign’s Fake &amp; Unverified “Dossier” which is illegal. “That has corrupted them. That has enabled them to gather evidence by UNCONSTITUTIONAL MEANS and that’s what they did to the President.” Judge Napolitano
Marist/NPR/PBS Poll shows President Trump’s approval rating among Latinos going to 50% an increase in one year of 19%. Thank you working hard!
Never seen @senatemajldr and Republicans so united on an issue as they are on the Humanitarian Crisis &amp; Security on our Southern Border. If we create a Wall or Barrier which prevents Criminals and Drugs from flowing into our Country Crime will go down by record numbers!
Last time I went to Davos the Fake News said I should not go there. This year because of the Shutdown I decided not to go and the Fake News said I should be there. The fact is that the people understand the media better than the media understands them!
The United States has a great economic story to tell. Number one in the World by far!
The reason Sarah Sanders does not go to the “podium” much anymore is that the press covers her so rudely &amp; inaccurately in particular certain members of the press. I told her not to bother the word gets out anyway! Most will never cover us fairly &amp; hence the term Fake News!
Former FBI top lawyer James Baker just admitted involvement in FISA Warrant and further admitted there  were IRREGULARITIES in the way the Russia probe was handled. They relied heavily on the unverified Trump “Dossier” paid for by the DNC &amp; Clinton Campaign &amp; funded through a...
...big Crooked Hillary law firm represented by her lawyer Michael Sussmann (do you believe this?) who worked Baker hard &amp; gave him Oppo Research for “a Russia probe.” This meeting now exposed is the subject of Senate inquiries and much more. An Unconstitutional Hoax. @FoxNews
Congratulations to Mariano Rivera on unanimously being elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame! Not only a great player but a great person. I am thankful for Mariano’s support of the Opioid Drug Abuse Commission and @FitnessGov. #EnterSandman #HOF2019💯 https://t.co/reU1gKWHSQ
Deroy Murdock National Review: “We are now exporting oil which is the first time in my lifetime - we are right now the largest producer of oil and gas. This is not good if you’re Vladimir Putin where your chief export is oil. W.H. Agent - Not good for Kremlin.” @TuckerCarlson
Great unity in the Republican Party. Want to once and for all put an end to stoppable crime and drugs! Border Security and Wall. No doubt!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! This is the new theme for two years until the Wall is finished (under construction now) of the Republican Party. Use it and pray!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!
The citizens of Venezuela have suffered for too long at the hands of the illegitimate Maduro regime. Today I have officially recognized the President of the Venezuelan National Assembly Juan Guaido as the Interim President of Venezuela. https://t.co/WItWPiG9jK
Even Trump Haters like (MS)NBC acknowledge you “BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL!” https://t.co/bKIgmHUW5P
“The Historic Results of President Donald J. Trump’s First Two Years in Office” https://t.co/AFnWWiLlCa
As the Shutdown was going on Nancy Pelosi asked me to give the State of the Union Address. I agreed. She then changed her mind because of the Shutdown suggesting a later date. This is her prerogative - I will do the Address when the Shutdown is over. I am not looking for an....
....alternative venue for the SOTU Address because there is no venue that can compete with the history tradition and importance of the House Chamber. I look forward to giving a “great” State of the Union Address in the near future!
A great new book just out “Game of Thorns” by Doug Wead Presidential Historian and best selling author. The book covers the campaign of 2016 and what could be more exciting than that?
“This is everything FDR dreamed about the New Deal to put America back to work. Think of LBJ he gave people food stamps &amp; welfare. Donald Trump’s giving them a job. He’s got a lot of good things to talk about. News stories do not accurately cover him should correct.” @DougWead
The economy is doing great. More people working in U.S.A. today than at any time in our HISTORY. Media barely covers! @foxandfriends
So interesting that bad lawyer Michael Cohen who sadly will not be testifying before Congress is using the lawyer of Crooked Hillary Clinton to represent him - Gee how did that happen? Remember July 4th weekend when Crooked went before FBI &amp; wasn’t sworn in no tape nothing?
The Fake News Media loves saying “so little happened at my first summit with Kim Jong Un.” Wrong! After 40 years of doing nothing with North Korea but being taken to the cleaners &amp; with a major war ready to start in a short 15 months relationships built hostages &amp; remains....
...back home where they belong no more Rockets or M’s being fired over Japan or anywhere else and most importantly no Nuclear Testing. This is more than has ever been accomplished with North Korea and the Fake News knows it. I expect another good meeting soon much potential!
Without a Wall there cannot be safety and security at the Border or for the U.S.A. BUILD THE WALL AND CRIME WILL FALL!
Nancy just said she “just doesn’t understand why?” Very simply without a Wall it all doesn’t work. Our Country has a chance to greatly reduce Crime Human Trafficking Gangs and Drugs. Should have been done for decades. We will not Cave!
Great earnings coming out of Stock Market. Too bad Media doesn’t devote much time to this!
A third rate conman who interviewed me many years ago for just a short period of time has been playing his biggest con of all on Fake News CNN. Michael D’Antonio a broken down hack who knows nothing about me goes on night after night telling made up Trump stories. Disgraceful!
Greatest Witch Hunt in the History of our Country! NO COLLUSION! Border Coyotes Drug Dealers and Human Traffickers are treated better. Who alerted CNN to be there?
https://t.co/RUFlgMxOUq
I wish people would read or listen to my words on the Border Wall. This was in no way a concession. It was taking care of millions of people who were getting badly hurt by the Shutdown with the understanding that in 21 days if no deal is done it’s off to the races!
If Roger Stone was indicted for lying to Congress what about the lying done by Comey Brennan Clapper Lisa Page &amp; lover Baker and soooo many others? What about Hillary to FBI and her 33000 deleted Emails? What about Lisa &amp; Peter’s deleted texts &amp; Wiener’s laptop? Much more!
“I like the fact that the President is making the case (Border Security &amp; Crime) to the American people. Now we know where Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer &amp; the Democrats stand which is no Border Security. Will be big 2020 issue.” Matt Schlapp Chair ACU. Bigger than anyone knows!
21 days goes very quickly. Negotiations with Democrats will start immediately. Will not be easy to make a deal both parties very dug in. The case for National Security has been greatly enhanced by what has been happening at the Border &amp; through dialogue. We will build the Wall!
We have turned away at great expense two major Caravans but a big one has now formed and is coming. At least 8000 people! If we had a powerful Wall they wouldn’t even try to make the long and dangerous journey. Build the Wall and Crime will Fall!
Thank you to the Republican National Committee (the RNC) who voted UNANIMOUSLY yesterday to support me in the upcoming 2020 Election. Considering that we have done more than any Administration in the first two years this should be easy. More great things now in the works!
“We absolutely need a physical barrier or Wall whatever you want to call it. The President yesterday laid all that out. We need to do it all including the Wall. I provided the same information to the previous administration &amp; it was ignored.” Mark Morgan Border Chief for “O”!
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/a0G7GWi74k
Only fools or people with a political agenda don’t want a Wall or Steel Barrier to protect our Country from Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking. It will happen - it always does!
“Ax falls quickly at BuzzFeed and Huffpost!” Headline New York Post. Fake News and bad journalism have caused a big downturn. Sadly many others will follow. The people want the Truth!
CBS reports that in the Roger Stone indictment data was “released during the 2016 Election to damage Hillary Clinton.” Oh really! What about the Fake and Unverified “Dossier” a total phony conjob that was paid for by Crooked Hillary to damage me and the Trump Campaign? What...
....about all of the one sided Fake Media coverage (collusion with Crooked H?) that I had to endure during my very successful presidential campaign. What about the now revealed bias by Facebook and many others. Roger Stone didn’t even work for me anywhere near the Election!
WITCH HUNT!
58000 non-citizens voted in Texas with 95000 non-citizens registered to vote. These numbers are just the tip of the iceberg. All over the country especially in California voter fraud is rampant. Must be stopped. Strong voter ID! @foxandfriends
We are not even into February and the cost of illegal immigration so far this year is $18959495168. Cost Friday was $603331392. There are at least 25772342 illegal aliens not the 11000000 that have been reported for years in our Country. So ridiculous! DHS
Jens Stoltenberg NATO Secretary General just stated that because of me NATO has been able to raise far more money than ever before from its members after many years of decline. It’s called burden sharing. Also more united. Dems &amp; Fake News like to portray the opposite!
Thank you to Brit. This is a very big deal in Europe. Fake News is the Enemy of the People! https://t.co/WX0o8gaiMC
#HolocaustMemorialDayhttps://t.co/zBQjfUOdtj https://t.co/hgTBGoECUU
BUILD A WALL &amp; CRIME WILL FALL! https://t.co/yDdCG5DCxn
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @JillianTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?
Never thought I’d say this but I think @johnrobertsFox and @GillianHTurner @FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN &amp; NBC! Look to final results! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good especially up 19% with Hispanics?
After all that I have done for the Military our great Veterans Judges (99) Justices (2) Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts the Economy Energy Trade &amp; MUCH MORE does anybody really think I won’t build the WALL? Done more in first two years than any President! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Tariffs on the “dumping” of Steel in the United States have totally revived our Steel Industry. New and expanded plants are happening all over the U.S. We have not only saved this important industry but created many jobs. Also billions paid to our treasury. A BIG WIN FOR U.S.
Numerous states introducing Bible Literacy classes giving students the option of studying the Bible. Starting to make a turn back? Great!
Howard Schultz doesn’t have the “guts” to run for President! Watched him on @60Minutes last night and I agree with him that he is not the “smartest person.” Besides America already has that! I only hope that Starbucks is still paying me their rent in Trump Tower!
“In the Media’s effort to destroy the President they are actually destroying themselves. Given all of the tremendous headwinds this President has faced it’s amazing he has accomplished so much.” DEROY MURDOCK @foxandfriends  I agree!
In the beautiful Midwest windchill temperatures are reaching minus 60 degrees the coldest ever recorded. In coming days expected to get even colder. People can’t last outside even for minutes. What the hell is going on with Global Waming? Please come back fast we need you!
How does Da Nang Dick (Blumenthal) serve on the Senate Judiciary Committee when he defrauded the American people about his so called War Hero status in Vietnam only to later admit with tears pouring down his face that he was never in Vietnam. An embarrassment to our Country!
A low level staffer that I hardly knew named Cliff Sims wrote yet another boring book based on made up stories and fiction. He pretended to be an insider when in fact he was nothing more than a gofer. He signed a non-disclosure agreement. He is a mess!
“Our economy right now is the Gold Standard throughout the World.” @IngrahamAngle  So true and not even close!
Maduro willing to negotiate with opposition in Venezuela following U.S. sanctions and the cutting off of oil revenues. Guaido is being targeted by Venezuelan Supreme Court. Massive protest expected today. Americans should not travel to Venezuela until further notice.
When I became President ISIS was out of control in Syria &amp; running rampant. Since then tremendous progress made especially over last 5 weeks. Caliphate will soon be destroyed unthinkable two years ago. Negotiating are proceeding well in Afghanistan after 18 years of fighting..
....Fighting continues but the people of Afghanistan want peace in this never ending war. We will soon see if talks will be successful? North Korea relationship is best it has ever been with U.S. No testing getting remains hostages returned. Decent chance of Denuclearization...
...Time will tell what will happen with North Korea but at the end of the previous administration relationship was horrendous and very bad things were about to happen. Now a whole different story. I look forward to seeing Kim Jong Un shortly. Progress being made-big difference!
If the committee of Republicans and Democrats now meeting on Border Security is not discussing or contemplating a Wall or Physical Barrier they are Wasting their time!
“Three separate caravans marching to our Border. The numbers are tremendous.” @foxandfriends
The Intelligence people seem to be extremely passive and naive when it comes to the dangers of Iran. They are wrong! When I became President Iran was making trouble all over the Middle East and beyond. Since ending the terrible Iran Nuclear Deal they are MUCH different but....
....a source of potential danger and conflict. They are testing Rockets (last week) and more and are coming very close to the edge. There economy is now crashing which is the only thing holding them back. Be careful of Iran. Perhaps Intelligence should go back to school!
Dow just broke 25000. Tremendous news!
Spoke today with Venezuelan Interim President Juan Guaido to congratulate him on his historic assumption of the presidency and reinforced strong United States support for Venezuela’s fight to regain its democracy....
....Large protests all across Venezuela today against Maduro. The fight for freedom has begun!
So great to watch &amp; listen to all these people who write books &amp; talk about my presidential campaign and so many others things related to winning and how I should be doing “IT.” As I take it all in I then sit back look around &amp; say “gee I’m in the White House &amp; they’re not!
Large sections of WALL have already been built with much more either under construction or ready to go. Renovation of existing WALLS is also a very big part of the plan to finally after many decades properly Secure Our Border. The Wall is getting done one way or the other!
Lets just call them WALLS from now on and stop playing political games! A WALL is a WALL!
Very sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
With Murders up 33% in Mexico a record why wouldn’t any sane person want to build a Wall! Construction has started and will not stop until it is finished. @LouDobbs @foxandfriends
China’s top trade negotiators are in the U.S. meeting with our representatives. Meetings are going well with good intent and spirit on both sides. China does not want an increase in Tariffs and feels they will do much better if they make a deal. They are correct. I will be......
....meeting with their top leaders and representatives today in the Oval Office. No final deal will be made until my friend President Xi and I meet in the near future to discuss and agree on some of the long standing and more difficult points. Very comprehensive transaction....
....China’s representatives and I are trying to do a complete deal leaving NOTHING unresolved on the table. All of the many problems are being discussed and will be hopefully resolved. Tariffs on China increase to 25% on March 1st so all working hard to complete by that date!
Republicans on the Homeland Security Committee are wasting their time. Democrats despite all of the evidence proof and Caravans coming are not going to give money to build the DESPERATELY needed WALL. I’ve got you covered. Wall is already being built I don’t expect much help!
Democrats are becoming the Party of late term abortion high taxes Open Borders and Crime!
More troops being sent to the Southern Border to stop the attempted Invasion of Illegals through large Caravans into our Country. We have stopped the previous Caravans and we will stop these also. With a Wall it would be soooo much easier and less expensive. Being Built!
Looking for China to open their Markets not only to Financial Services which they are now doing but also to our Manufacturing Farmers and other U.S. businesses and industries. Without this a deal would be unacceptable!
Schumer and the Democrats are big fans of being weak and passive with Iran. They have no clue as to the danger they would be inflicting on our Country. Iran is in financial chaos now because of the sanctions and Iran Deal termination. Dems put us in a bad place - but now good!
Very sadly Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 to 33341. This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crisis taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country. Worse even than Afghanistan. Much caused by DRUGS. Wall is being built!
https://t.co/6wK5He4pk5
Just concluded a great meeting with my Intel team in the Oval Office who told me that what they said on Tuesday at the Senate Hearing was mischaracterized by the media - and we are very much in agreement on Iran ISIS North Korea etc. Their testimony was distorted press.... https://t.co/Zl5aqBmpjF
....I would suggest you read the COMPLETE testimony from Tuesday. A false narrative is so bad for our Country. I value our intelligence community. Happily we had a very good meeting and we are all on the same page!
Our great U.S. Border Patrol Agents made the biggest Fentanyl bust in our Country’s history. Thanks as always for a job well done!
Just out: The big deal very mysterious Don jr telephone calls after the innocent Trump Tower meeting that the media &amp; Dems said were made to his father (me) were just conclusively found NOT to be made to me. They were made to friends &amp; business associates of Don. Really sad!
Nellie Ohr the wife of DOJ official Bruce Ohr was long ago investigating for pay (GPS Fusion) members of my family feeding it to her husband who was then giving it to the FBI even though it was created by ousted &amp; discredited Christopher Steele. Illegal! WITCH HUNT
This Witch Hunt must end! https://t.co/3og7H4uUw2
I inherited a total mess in Syria and Afghanistan the “Endless Wars” of unlimited spending and death. During my campaign I said very strongly that these wars must finally end. We spend $50 Billion a year in Afghanistan and have hit them so hard that we are now talking peace...
....after 18 long years. Syria was loaded with ISIS until I came along. We will soon have destroyed 100% of the Caliphate but will be watching them closely. It is now time to start coming home and after many years spending our money wisely. Certain people must get smart!
Best January for the DOW in over 30 years. We have by far the strongest economy in the world!
JOBS JOBS JOBS! https://t.co/29dViqkEV7
Great news on Foxconn in Wisconsin after my conversation with Terry Gou! https://t.co/2wtuCdl7TX
Thank you to Senator Rob Portman and Senator Cory Gardner for the early and warm endorsement. We will ALL WIN in 2020 together!
National African American History Month is an occasion to rediscover the enduring stories of African Americans and the gifts of freedom purpose and opportunity they have bestowed on future generations...https://t.co/n9kf58NruZ
Great morning at Trump National Golf Club in Jupiter Florida with @JackNicklaus and @TigerWoods! https://t.co/mdPN4yvS8e
Democrat Governor Ralph Northam of Virginia just stated “I believe that I am not either of the people in that photo.” This was 24 hours after apologizing for appearing in the picture and after making the most horrible statement on “super” late term abortion. Unforgivable!
Ed Gillespie who ran for Governor of the Great State of Virginia against Ralph Northam must now be thinking Malpractice and Dereliction of Duty with regard to his Opposition Research Staff. If they find that terrible picture before the election he wins by 20 points!
I will be interviewed Sunday morning on @FaceTheNation and prior to the Super Bowl on @CBS at 3:30 P.M. Enjoy!
Everyone is asking how Tiger played yesterday. The answer is Great! He was long straight &amp; putted fantastically well. He shot a 64. Tiger is back &amp; will be winning Majors again! Not surprisingly Jack also played really well. His putting is amazing! Jack &amp; Tiger like each other.
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT!
With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security. Dems do nothing. If there is no Wall there is no Security. Human Trafficking Drugs and Criminals of all dimensions - KEEP OUT!
I am pleased to announce that David Bernhardt Acting Secretary of the Interior will be nominated as Secretary of the Interior. David has done a fantastic job from the day he arrived and we look forward to having his nomination officially confirmed!
Tremendous numbers of people are coming up through Mexico in the hopes of flooding our Southern Border. We have sent additional military. We will build a Human Wall if necessary. If we had a real Wall this would be a non-event!
I see Schumer is already criticizing my State of the Union speech even though he hasn’t seen it yet. He’s just upset that he didn’t win the Senate after spending a fortune like he thought he would. Too bad we weren’t given more credit for the Senate win by the media!
Melania and I send our greetings to those celebrating the Lunar New Year. Today people across the United States and around the world mark the beginning of the Lunar New Year with spectacular fireworks displays joyful festivals and family gatherings...https://t.co/yM6qZng5m0
Looking forward to tonight! #SOTU https://t.co/lGKkZeaxUZ
#SOTUhttps://t.co/kL6SoClx4K
https://t.co/tUDYZrc6w0
So now Congressman Adam Schiff announces after having found zero Russian Collusion that he is going to be looking at every aspect of my life both financial and personal even though there is no reason to be doing so. Never happened before! Unlimited Presidential Harassment....
....The Dems and their committees are going “nuts.” The Republicans never did this to President Obama there would be no time left to run government. I hear other committee heads will do the same thing. Even stealing people who work at White House! A continuation of Witch Hunt!
Democrats at the top are killing the Great State of Virginia. If the three failing pols were Republicans far stronger action would be taken. Virginia will come back HOME Republican) in 2020!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT! It should never be allowed to happen again!
2019 National Prayer Breakfast https://t.co/cKvv3ygOOt
Today it was my great honor to sign a Presidential Memorandum launching the Women’s Global Development and Prosperity Initiative. #WGDP Read more: https://t.co/qr3jevdayp https://t.co/HyIPPm4Q7b
Each year America pauses to remember its fallen astronaut heroes and the great accomplishments for which they strived. @FLOTUS Melania and I mourn their passing and take to heart the lessons of their lives and the greater human potential to which they continue to inspire. https://t.co/P9d1bpapsd
So nice how well my State of the Union speech was received. Thank you to all!
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr Chairman of Senate Intelligence said today that after an almost two year investigation he saw no evidence of Russia collusion. “We don’t have anything that would suggest there was collusion by the Trump campaign and Russia.”  Thank you!
Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia it’s important because they interviewed 200 witnesses and 300000 pages of documents &amp; the Committee has direct access to intelligence information that’s Classified. @GreggJarrett
Now we find out that Adam Schiff was spending time together in Aspen with Glenn Simpson of GPS Fusion who wrote the fake and discredited Dossier even though Simpson was testifying before Schiff. John Solomon of @thehill
The mainstream media has refused to cover the fact that the head of the VERY important Senate Intelligence Committee after two years of intensive study and access to Intelligence that only they could get just stated that they have found NO COLLUSION between “Trump” &amp; Russia....
...It is all a GIANT AND ILLEGAL HOAX developed long before the election itself but used as an excuse by the Democrats as to why Crooked Hillary Clinton lost the Election! Someday the Fake News Media will turn honest &amp; report that Donald J. Trump was actually a GREAT Candidate!
Working hard thank you! https://t.co/tnuHnw8kll
Deepest sympathies to Congresswoman Debbie Dingell and the entire family of John Dingell. Longest serving Congressman in Country’s history which if people understand politics means he was very smart. A great reputation and highly respected man.
I was a big fan of Frank Robinson both as a great player and man. He was the first African American manager in baseball and was highly respected at everything he did. He will he missed!
My representatives have just left North Korea after a very productive meeting and an agreed upon time and date for the second Summit with Kim Jong Un. It will take place in Hanoi Vietnam on February 27 &amp; 28. I look forward to seeing Chairman Kim &amp; advancing the cause of peace!
North Korea under the leadership of Kim Jong Un will become a great Economic Powerhouse. He may surprise some but he won’t surprise me because I have gotten to know him &amp; fully understand how capable he is. North Korea will become a different kind of Rocket - an Economic one!
It was great meeting some of our outstanding young military personnel who were wounded in both Syria and Afghanistan. Their wounds are deep but their spirit is sooo high. They will recoverer &amp; be back very soon. America loves them. Walter Reed Hospital is AMAZING - Thank you all!
The Democrats in Congress yesterday were vicious and totally showed their cards for everyone to see. When the Republicans had the Majority they never acted with such hatred and scorn! The Dems are trying to win an election in 2020 that they know they cannot legitimately win!
We have a great economy DESPITE the Obama Administration and all of its job killing Regulations and Roadblocks. If that thinking prevailed in the 2016 Election the U.S. would be in a Depression right now! We were heading down and don’t let the Democrats sound bites fool you!
The Democrats just don’t seem to want Border Security. They are fighting Border Agents recommendations. If you believe news reports they are not offering much for the Wall. They look to be making this a campaign issue. The Wall will get built one way or the other!
Today Elizabeth Warren sometimes referred to by me as Pocahontas joined the race for President. Will she run as our first Native American presidential candidate or has she decided that after 32 years this is not playing so well anymore? See you on the campaign TRAIL Liz!
I think it is very important for the Democrats to press forward with their Green New Deal. It would be great for the so-called “Carbon Footprint” to permanently eliminate all Planes Cars Cows Oil Gas &amp; the Military - even if no other country would do the same. Brilliant!
Senator Richard Burr The Chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee just announced that after almost two years more than two hundred interviews and thousands of documents they have found NO COLLUSION BETWEEN TRUMP AND RUSSIA! Is anybody really surprised by this?
African Americans are very angry at the double standard on full display in Virginia!
Gallup Poll: “Open Borders will potentially attract 42 million Latin Americans.” This would be a disaster for the U.S. We need the Wall now!
I don’t think the Dems on the Border Committee are being allowed by their leaders to make a deal. They are offering very little money for the desperately needed Border Wall &amp; now out of the blue want a cap on convicted violent felons to be held in detention!
It was a very bad week for the Democrats with the GREAT economic numbers The Virginia disaster and the State of the Union address. Now with the terrible offers being made by them to the Border Committee I actually believe they want a Shutdown. They want a new subject!
The media was able to get my work schedule something very easy to do but it should have been reported as a positive not negative. When the term Executive Time is used I am generally working not relaxing. In fact I probably work more hours than almost any past President.....
....The fact is when I took over as President our Country was a mess. Depleted Military Endless Wars a potential War with North Korea V.A. High Taxes &amp; too many Regulations Border Immigration &amp; HealthCare problems &amp; much more. I had no choice but to work very long hours!
“President is on sound legal ground to declare a National Emergency. There have been 58 National Emergencies declared since the law was enacted in 1976 and 31 right now that are currently active so this is hardly unprecedented.” Congressman @tommcclintock
The Border Committee Democrats are behaving all of a sudden irrationally. Not only are they unwilling to give dollars for the obviously needed Wall (they overrode recommendations of Border Patrol experts) but they don’t even want to take muderers into custody! What’s going on?
Well it happened again. Amy Klobuchar announced that she is running for President talking proudly of fighting global warming while standing in a virtual blizzard of snow ice and freezing temperatures. Bad timing. By the end of her speech she looked like a Snowman(woman)!
The U.S. will soon control 100% of ISIS territory in Syria. @CNN (do you believe this?).
“Fact checkers have become Fake News.” @JesseBWatters   So True!
No president ever worked harder than me (cleaning up the mess I inherited)!
The Democrats do not want us to detain or send back criminal aliens! This is a brand new demand. Crazy!
The Democrats are so self righteous and ANGRY! Loosen up and have some fun. The Country is doing well!
Will be heading to El Paso very soon. Big speech on Border Security and much else tonight. Tremendous crowd! See you later!
https://t.co/LpR2JkYLcW
40 years of corruption. 40 years of repression. 40 years of terror. The regime in Iran has produced only #40YearsofFailure. The long-suffering Iranian people deserve a much brighter future. https://t.co/bA8YGsw9LA
۴۰ سال فساد. ۴۰ سال سرکوب. ۴۰ سال ترور. رژیم ایران فقط موجب #چهل_سال_شکست شده است. مردم ایران که مدتهاست در رنجند شایسته آینده روشن تری هستند https://t.co/nKMQCHQFCZ
Coal is an important part of our electricity generation mix and @TVAnews should give serious consideration to all factors before voting to close viable power plants like Paradise #3 in Kentucky!
We are fighting for all Americans from all backgrounds of every age race religion birthplace color &amp; creed. Our agenda is NOT a partisan agenda – it is the mainstream common sense agenda of the American People. Thank you El Paso Texas - I love you! https://t.co/4Lz4PUwKzV
Beautiful evening in El Paso Texas last night. God Bless the USA! https://t.co/trqA75KxLN
Was just presented the concept and parameters of the Border Security Deal by hard working Senator Richard Shelby. Looking over all aspects knowing that this will be hooked up with lots of money from other sources....
....Will be getting almost $23 BILLION for Border Security. Regardless of Wall money it is being built as we speak!
Thank you to @MSNBC! https://t.co/VdRnirACAz
I want to thank all Republicans for the work you have done in dealing with the Radical Left on Border Security. Not an easy task but the Wall is being built and will be a great achievement and contributor toward life and safety within our Country!
The Senate Intelligence Committee: THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA!
The Gallup Poll just announced that 69% of our great citizens expect their finances to improve next year a 16 year high. Nice!
Today it was my great honor to address the @MjrCitiesChiefs Association and @MCSheriffs Conference in Washington D.C. We will never forget your service and we will never ever let you down! We love you and we thank God for you each and every day. https://t.co/9tuNcVcBqe
https://t.co/ruL7Ctpdak
https://t.co/BS162NF8HC
California has been forced to cancel the massive bullet train project after having spent and wasted many billions of dollars. They owe the Federal Government three and a half billion dollars. We want that money back now. Whole project is a “green” disaster!
Disgraced FBI Acting Director Andrew McCabe pretends to be a “poor little Angel” when in fact he was a big part of the Crooked Hillary Scandal &amp; the Russia Hoax - a puppet for Leakin’ James Comey. I.G. report on McCabe was devastating. Part of “insurance policy” in case I won....
....Many of the top FBI brass were fired forced to leave or left. McCabe’s wife received BIG DOLLARS from Clinton people for her campaign - he gave Hillary a pass. McCabe is a disgrace to the FBI and a disgrace to our Country. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
funding bill
Reviewing the funding bill with my team at the @WhiteHouse!
One year ago today a horrific act of violence took the lives of 14 students and 3 educators in Parkland Florida. On this somber anniversary we honor their memory and recommit to ensuring the safety of all Americans especially our Nation’s children... https://t.co/MDnSX1BFeW https://t.co/EVAeSwA8oV
“After The Flight 93 Election The Vote That Saved America - And What We Still Have To Lose” by very talented Michael Anton is a terrific read. Check it out!
“Trying to use the 25th Amendment to try and circumvent the Election is a despicable act of unconstitutional power grabbing...which happens in third world countries. You have to obey the law. This is an attack on our system &amp; Constitution.” Alan Dershowitz. @TuckerCarlson
https://t.co/BliAo5YDqb
Great job by law enforcement in Aurora Illinois. Heartfelt condolences to all of the victims and their families. America is with you!
https://t.co/f6Jd2FzayZ
https://t.co/nJORBjwint
BUILDING THE WALL!
Trade negotiators have just returned from China where the meetings on Trade were very productive. Now at meetings with me at Mar-a-Lago giving the details. In the meantime Billions of Dollars are being paid to the United States by China in the form of Trade Tariffs!
The United States is asking Britain France Germany and other European allies to take back over 800 ISIS fighters that we captured in Syria and put them on trial. The Caliphate is ready to fall. The alternative is not a good one in that we will be forced to release them........
....The U.S. does not want to watch as these ISIS fighters permeate Europe which is where they are expected to go. We do so much and spend so much - Time for others to step up and do the job that they are so capable of doing. We are pulling back after 100% Caliphate victory!
Important meetings and calls on China Trade Deal and more today with my staff. Big progress being made on soooo many different fronts! Our Country has such fantastic potential for future growth and greatness on an even higher level!
Democrats in the Senate are still slow walking hundreds of highly qualified people wanting to come into government. Never been such an abuse in our country’s history. Mitch should not let Senate go home until all are approved. We need our Ambassadors and all others NOW!
52% Approval Rating 93% in Republican Party ( a record )! Pretty amazing considering that 93% (also) of my press is REALLY BAD. The “people” are SMART!
Nothing funny about tired Saturday Night Live on Fake News NBC! Question is how do the Networks get away with these total Republican hit jobs without retribution? Likewise for many other shows? Very unfair and should be looked into. This is the real Collusion!
THE RIGGED AND CORRUPT MEDIA IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
https://t.co/y61loNunTJ
https://t.co/r8N9m5vQlF
“These guys the investigators ought to be in jail. What they have done working with the Obama intelligence agencies is simply unprecedented. This is one of the greatest political hoaxes ever perpetrated on the people of this Country and Mueller is a coverup.”  Rush Limbaugh
The Mueller investigation is totally conflicted illegal and rigged! Should never have been allowed to begin except for the Collusion and many crimes committed by the Democrats. Witch Hunt!
William Barr is arriving at a Justice Department that desperately needs an infusion of credibility writes @KimStrassel https://t.co/naY9XOxb12 via @WSJ
“After two years and interviewing more than two hundred witnesses the Senate Intelligence Committee has NOT discovered any direct evidence of a conspiracy between the Trump Campaign and Russia.”  Ken Dilanian @NBCNews
Wow so many lies by now disgraced acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe. He was fired for lying and now his story gets even more deranged. He and Rod Rosenstein who was hired by Jeff Sessions (another beauty) look like they were planning a very illegal act and got caught.....
....There is a lot of explaining to do to the millions of people who had just elected a president who they really like and who has done a great job for them with the Military Vets Economy and so much more. This was the illegal and treasonous “insurance policy” in full action!
Great analysis by @foxandfriends!
“This was an illegal coup attempt on the President of the United States.” Dan Bongino on @foxandfriends  True!
Hope you are enjoying your President’s Day our Country is making unprecedented progress!
We are here to proclaim that a new day is coming in Latin America. In Venezuela and across the Western Hemisphere Socialism is DYING - and liberty prosperity and democracy are being REBORN...https://t.co/hPL5W48Pmg
The people of Venezuela are standing for FREEDOM and DEMOCRACY – and the United States of America is standing right by their side!
I ask every member of the Maduro regime: End this nightmare of poverty hunger and death. LET YOUR PEOPLE GO. Set your country free! Now is the time for all Venezuelan Patriots to act together as one united people. Nothing could be better for the future of Venezuela!
Today more than 50 countries around the world now recognize the rightful government of Venezuela. The Venezuelan people have spoken and the world has heard their voice. They are turning the page on Socialism and Dictatorship; and there will be NO GOING BACK! https://t.co/C3DL5RFfiE
“The biggest abuse of power and corruption scandal in our history and it’s much worse than we thought. Andrew McCabe (FBI) admitted to plotting a coup (government overthrow) when he was serving in the FBI before he was fired for lying &amp; leaking.” @seanhannity @FoxNews  Treason!
Amazing! https://t.co/uUNCL1hPAk
Thank you JT! https://t.co/L1HDeXWazc
Thank you Andrew - We all miss beautiful Meadow! https://t.co/a5PLSwpJyx
Remember this Andrew McCabe didn’t go to the bathroom without the approval of Leakin’ James Comey!
“....(The Witch Hunt) in time likely will become recognized as the greatest scandal in American political history marking the first occasion in which the U.S. government bureaucrats sought to overturn an election (presidential)!” Victor Davis Hanson  And got caught! @FoxNews
Had the opposition party (no not the Media) won the election the Stock Market would be down at least 10000 points by now. We are heading up up up!
As I predicted 16 cities led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California were the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
As I predicted 16 states led mostly by Open Border Democrats and the Radical Left have filed a lawsuit in of course the 9th Circuit! California the state that has wasted billions of dollars on their out of control Fast Train with no hope of completion seems in charge!
The failed Fast Train project in California where the cost overruns are becoming world record setting is hundreds of times more expensive than the desperately needed Wall!
The Washington Post is a Fact Checker only for the Democrats. For the Republicans and for your all time favorite President it is a Fake Fact Checker!
I never said anything bad about Andrew McCabe’s wife other than she (they) should not have taken large amounts of campaign money from a Crooked Hillary source when Clinton was under investigation by the FBI. I never called his wife a loser to him (another McCabe made up lie)!
https://t.co/xRbxknI4Nf
“Andrew McCabe gave absolutely no evidence of any threat to substantiate his ABSURD claim.” @LouDobbs
Crazy Bernie has just entered the race. I wish him well!
The Press has never been more dishonest than it is today. Stories are written that have absolutely no basis in fact. The writers don’t even call asking for verification. They are totally out of control. Sadly I kept many of them in business. In six years they all go BUST!
“The Washington Post ignored basic journalistic standards because it wanted to advance its well-known and easily documented biased agenda against President Donald J. Trump.” Covington student suing WAPO. Go get them Nick. Fake News!
“If thinking that James Comey is not a good FBI Director is tantamount to being an agent of Russia than just list all the people that are agents of Russia - Chuck Schumer Nancy Pelosi Rod Rosenstein who wrote the memo to get rid of Comey the Inspector General....” Trey Gowdy
The New York Times reporting is false. They are a true ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE!
California now wants to scale back their already failed “fast train” project by substantially shortening the distance so that it no longer goes from L.A. to San Francisco. A different deal and record cost overruns. Send the Federal Government back the Billions of Dollars WASTED!
We have just built this powerful Wall in New Mexico. Completed on January 30 2019 – 47 days ahead of schedule! Many miles more now under construction! #FinishTheWall https://t.co/TYkj3KRdOC
I have instructed Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and he fully agrees not to allow Hoda Muthana back into the Country!
I want 5G and even 6G technology in the United States as soon as possible. It is far more powerful faster and smarter than the current standard. American companies must step up their efforts or get left behind. There is no reason that we should be lagging behind on.........
....something that is so obviously the future. I want the United States to win through competition not by blocking out currently more advanced technologies. We must always be the leader in everything we do especially when it comes to the very exciting world of technology!
THE WALL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION RIGHT NOW! https://t.co/exUJCiITsz
.@JussieSmollett - what about MAGA and the tens of millions of people you insulted with your racist and dangerous comments!? #MAGA
Senator John Cornyn has done an outstanding job for the people of Texas. He is strong on Crime the Border the Second Amendment and loves our Military and Vets. John has my complete and total endorsement. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
We are here to honor the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to every aspect of American Life History and Culture. From the earliest days of this Nation African-American Leaders Pioneers &amp; Visionaries have uplifted &amp; inspired our Country...https://t.co/VuFLkfd12j
Highly respected Senator Richard Burr head of Senate Intelligence said after interviewing over 200 witnesses and studying over 2 million pages of documents “WE HAVE FOUND NO COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA.” The Witch Hunt so bad for our Country must end!
Fake News is so bad for our Country! https://t.co/ZwA8E0URer
A must read by @KimStrassel! https://t.co/Gfyrfpy55b
I am pleased to announce that Kelly Knight Craft our current Ambassador to Canada is being nominated to be United States Ambassador to the United Nations....
....Kelly has done an outstanding job representing our Nation and I have no doubt that under her leadership our Country will be represented at the highest level. Congratulations to Kelly and her entire family!
Great new book: “The Case For Trump” by Victor Davis Hanson Hoover Senior Fellow.
God Bless the people of Venezuela!
There is far more ENERGY on the Right than there is on the Left. That’s why we just won the Senate and why we will win big in 2020. The Fake News just doesn’t want to report the facts. Border Security is a big factor. The under construction Wall will stop Gangs Drugs and Crime!
The people of Venezuela stand at the threshold of history ready to reclaim their country – and their future.... https://t.co/ajxd1EN64c
“There’s not one shred of evidence that this president’s done anything Constitutionally (or anything else) wrong.” Graham Ledger.  Thank you Graham so true!
So great being with you both in the Oval Office! https://t.co/9VoIV3NahE
HOLD THE DATE! We will be having one of the biggest gatherings in the history of Washington D.C. on July 4th. It will be called “A Salute To America” and will be held at the Lincoln Memorial. Major fireworks display entertainment and an address by your favorite President me!
Very productive talks yesterday with China on Trade. Will continue today! I will be leaving for Hanoi Vietnam early tomorrow for a Summit with Kim Jong Un of North Korea where we both expect a continuation of the progress made at first Summit in Singapore. Denuclearization?
President Xi of China has been very helpful in his support of my meeting with Kim Jong Un. The last thing China wants are large scale nuclear weapons right next door. Sanctions placed on the border by China and Russia have been very helpful. Great relationship with Chairman Kim!
Chairman Kim realizes perhaps better than anyone else that without nuclear weapons his country could fast become one of the great economic powers anywhere in the World. Because of its location and people (and him) it has more potential for rapid growth than any other nation!
Poll: Suburban women are coming back into the Republican Party in droves “because of the Wall and Border Security. 70% support Border Security and the Wall.” Not believing the Walls are immoral line. Beverly Hallberg Independent Women’s Forum @KatiePavlich  A great USA issue!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. 52% Approval Rating overall! Not bad considering I get the most unfair (BAD) press in the history of presidential politics! And don’t forget the Witch Hunt!
The only Collusion with the Russians was with Crooked Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee...And where’s the Server that the DNC refused to give to the FBI?  Where are the new Texts between Agent Lisa Page and her Agent lover Peter S? We want them now!
So funny to watch people who have failed for years they got NOTHING telling me how to negotiate with North Korea. But thanks anyway!
I am pleased to report that the U.S. has made substantial progress in our trade talks with China on important structural issues including intellectual property protection technology transfer agriculture services currency and many other issues. As a result of these very......
....productive talks I will be delaying the U.S. increase in tariffs now scheduled for March 1. Assuming both sides make additional progress we will be planning a Summit for President Xi and myself at Mar-a-Lago to conclude an agreement. A very good weekend for U.S. &amp; China!
We have a State of Emergency at our Southern Border. Border Patrol our Military and local Law Enforcement are doing a great job but without the Wall which is now under major construction you cannot have Border Security. Drugs Gangs and Human Trafficking must be stopped!
Be nice if Spike Lee could read his notes or better yet not have to use notes at all when doing his racist hit on your President who has done more for African Americans (Criminal Justice Reform Lowest Unemployment numbers in History Tax Cutsetc.) than almost any other Pres!
Oil prices getting too high. OPEC please relax and take it easy. World cannot take a price hike - fragile!
Meeting for breakfast with our Nation’s Governors - then off to Vietnam for a very important Summit with Kim Jong Un. With complete Denuclearization North Korea will rapidly become an Economic Powerhouse. Without it just more of the same. Chairman Kim will make a wise decision!
Former Senator Harry Reid (he got thrown out) is working hard to put a good spin on his failed career. He led through lies and deception only to be replaced by another beauty Cryin’ Chuck Schumer. Some things just never change!
I hope our great Republican Senators don’t get led down the path of weak and ineffective Border Security. Without strong Borders we don’t have a Country - and the voters are on board with us. Be strong and smart don’t fall into the Democrats “trap” of Open Borders and Crime!
“Why on earth would any Republican vote not to put up a Wall or against Border Security. Please explain that to me?” @Varneyco
Since my election as President the Dow Jones is up 43% and the NASDAQ Composite almost 50%. Great news for your 401(k)s as they continue to grow. We are bringing back America faster than anyone thought possible!
Congratulations to @DJohnsonPGA on his 20th PGA Tour WIN. Not only is Dustin a truly great golfer he is a wonderful guy. Big year ahead for Dustin!
It is my honor today to announce that Danny Burch a United States citizen who has been held hostage in Yemen for 18 months has been recovered and reunited with his wife and children. I appreciate the support of the United Arab Emirates in bringing Danny home...
...Danny’s recovery reflects the best of what the United States &amp; its partners can accomplish.We work every day to bring Americans home. We maintain constant and intensive diplomatic intelligence and law enforcement cooperation within the United States Government and with...
...our foreign partners. Recovering American hostages is a priority of my Admin and with Danny’s release we have now secured freedom for 20 American captives since my election victory. We will not rest as we continue our work to bring the remaining American hostages back home!
China Trade Deal (and more) in advanced stages. Relationship between our two Countries is very strong. I have therefore agreed to delay U.S. tariff hikes. Let’s see what happens?
Heading over to Vietnam for my meeting with Kim Jong Un. Looking forward to a very productive Summit!
If a deal is made with China our great American Farmers will be treated better than they have ever been treated before!
Senate Democrats just voted against legislation to prevent the killing of newborn infant children. The Democrat position on abortion is now so extreme that they don’t mind executing babies AFTER birth....
....This will be remembered as one of the most shocking votes in the history of Congress. If there is one thing we should all agree on it’s protecting the lives of innocent babies.
Just arrived in Vietnam. Thank you to all of the people for the great reception in Hanoi. Tremendous crowds and so much love!
Vietnam is thriving like few places on earth. North Korea would be the same and very quickly if it would denuclearize. The potential is AWESOME a great opportunity like almost none other in history for my friend Kim Jong Un. We will know fairly soon - Very Interesting!
The Democrats should stop talking about what I should do with North Korea and ask themselves instead why they didn’t do “it” during eight years of the Obama Administration?
I have now spent more time in Vietnam than Da Nang Dick Blumenthal the third rate Senator from Connecticut (how is Connecticut doing?). His war stories of his heroism in Vietnam were a total fraud - he was never even there. We talked about it today with Vietnamese leaders!
Michael Cohen was one of many lawyers who represented me (unfortunately). He had other clients also. He was just disbarred by the State Supreme Court for lying &amp; fraud. He did bad things unrelated to Trump. He is lying in order to reduce his prison time. Using Crooked’s lawyer!
Fiat Chrysler will be adding more than 6500 JOBS in Michigan (Detroit area) doubling its hourly workforce as part of a 4.5 Billion Dollar investment. Thank you Fiat Chrysler. They are all coming back to the USA it’s where the action is!
All false reporting (guessing) on my intentions with respect to North Korea. Kim Jong Un and I will try very hard to work something out on Denuclearization &amp; then making North Korea an Economic Powerhouse. I believe that China Russia Japan &amp; South Korea will be very helpful!
Great meetings and dinner tonight in Vietnam with Kim Jong Un of North Korea. Very good dialogue. Resuming tomorrow!
Great meeting and dinner with Kim Jong Un in Hanoi Vietnam tonight. Looking forward to continuing our discussions tomorrow! #HanoiSummit https://t.co/J3x6lUGzjS
THANK YOU to our generous hosts in Hanoi this week: President Trong Prime Minister Phuc and the wonderful people of Vietnam! https://t.co/AMqF0dfRhP
Everyone MUST watch the opening to @TuckerCarlson - A Classic! @foxnews
I will be interviewed by @seanhannity at 9:00 P.M. on @FoxNews. Enjoy!
https://t.co/hUK9dSBM3M
https://t.co/ywNk8EhOh0
Today in Alaska it was my great honor to visit with our brave men and women of the United States Military at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. We are forever grateful for their service and sacrifice. THANK YOU! https://t.co/4REVxKUsHT
Great to be back from Vietnam an amazing place. We had very substantive negotiations with Kim Jong Un - we know what they want and they know what we must have. Relationship very good let’s see what happens!
Wow just revealed that Michael Cohen wrote a “love letter to Trump” manuscript for a new book that he was pushing. Written and submitted long after Charlottesville and Helsinki his phony reasons for going rogue. Book is exact opposite of his fake testimony which now is a lie!
Congress must demand the transcript of Michael Cohen’s new book given to publishers a short time ago. Your heads will spin when you see the lies misrepresentations and contradictions  against his Thursday testimony. Like a different person! He is totally discredited!
Oh’ I see! Now that the 2 year Russian Collusion case has fallen apart there was no Collusion except bye Crooked Hillary and the Democrats they say “gee I have an idea let’s look at Trump’s finances and every deal he has ever done. Let’s follow discredited Michael Cohen.....
...and the fraudulent and dishonest statements he made on Wednesday. No way it’s time to stop this corrupt and illegally brought Witch Hunt. Time to start looking at the other side where real crimes were committed. Republicans have been abused long enough. Must end now!
Michael Cohen’s book manuscript shows that he committed perjury on a scale not seen before. He must have forgotten about his book when he testified. What does Hillary Clinton’s lawyer Lanny Davis say about this one. Is he being paid by Crooked Hillary. Using her lawyer?
I never like being misinterpreted but especially when it comes to Otto Warmbier and his great family. Remember I got Otto out along with three others. The previous Administration did nothing and he was taken on their watch. Of course I hold North Korea responsible....
....for Otto’s mistreatment and death. Most important Otto Warmbier will not have died in vain. Otto and his family have become a tremendous symbol of strong passion and strength which will last for many years into the future. I love Otto and think of him often!
I have asked China to immediately remove all Tariffs on our agricultural products (including beef pork etc.) based on the fact that we are moving along nicely with Trade discussions....
....and I did not increase their second traunch of Tariffs to 25% on March 1st. This is very important for our great farmers - and me!
Very proud of perhaps the greatest golf course anywhere in the world. Also furthers U.K. relationship! https://t.co/3xTzzJH6Iq
Will be speaking at CPAC at 11:30 this morning. Record crowd live broadcast. Enjoy!
@TeamCavuto  It was a 3 day train ride to Vietnam not 3 hours!
Thank you @marklevinshow!https://t.co/dwQR11genG
Virtually everything failed lawyer Michael Cohen said in his sworn testimony last week is totally contradicted in his just released manuscript for a book about me. It’s a total new love letter to “Trump” and the pols must now use it rather than his lies for sentence reduction!
The brand new manuscript for a new book by failed lawyer Michael Cohen shows his testimony was a total lie! Pundits should only use it.
We’ve got NASA “rocking” again. Great activity and success. Congrats to SPACEX and all!
https://t.co/PTLqvZNwqY
...said was a total lie but Fake Media won’t show it. I am an innocent man being persecuted by some very bad conflicted &amp; corrupt people in a Witch Hunt that is illegal &amp; should never have been allowed to start - And only because I won the Election! Despite this great success!
After more than two years of Presidential Harassment the only things that have been proven is that Democrats and other broke the law. The hostile Cohen testimony given by a liar to reduce his prison time proved no Collusion! His just written book manuscript showed what he.....
“Look how they’re acting now and how we act when we’re in the majority. What the Democrats are doing is an abuse of power. They couldn’t find anything...they took a Fake Dossier &amp; couldn’t find any Collusion. Now they have a fake witness in Cohen.” Congressman Mark Green (R-TN).
My wonderful daughter Ivanka will be interviewed tonight by Steve Hilton on “The Next Revolution.” @FoxNews 9:00 P.M. She works so hard and has achieved so much for the U.S.A.(and gets so little credit!). Then watch Mark Levin at 10:00 P.M. a great show!
The reason I do not want military drills with South Korea is to save hundreds of millions of dollars for the U.S. for which we are not reimbursed. That was my position long before I became President. Also reducing tensions with North Korea at this time is a good thing!
Presidential Harassment by “crazed” Democrats at the highest level in the history of our Country. Likewise the most vicious and corrupt Mainstream Media that any president has ever had to endure - Yet the most successful first two years for any
....President. We are WINNING big the envy of the WORLD but just think what it could be?
For the Democrats to interview in open hearings a convicted liar &amp; fraudster at the same time as the very important Nuclear Summit with North Korea is perhaps a new low in American politics and may have contributed to the “walk.” Never done when a president is overseas. Shame!
Schumer &amp; the Democrats are hurting our Country. Senate Republicans must take BOLD ACTION! https://t.co/QFqCaYmVPJ
And also illegally leaking to Fake News CNN &amp; others? https://t.co/GAItdhWniB
To the great people of Alabama and surrounding areas: Please be careful and safe. Tornadoes and storms were truly violent and more could be coming. To the families and friends of the victims and to the injured God bless you all!
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
FEMA has been told directly by me to give the A Plus treatment to the Great State of Alabama and the wonderful people who have been so devastated by the Tornadoes. @GovernorKayIvey one of the best in our Country has been so informed. She is working closely with FEMA (and me!).
The military drills or war games as I call them were never even discussed in my mtg w/ Kim Jong Un of NK—FAKE NEWS! I made that decision long ago because it costs the U.S. far too much money to have those “games” especially since we are not reimbursed for the tremendous cost!
“Now that the Dems are going to try &amp; switch from Collusion to some other reason it makes them continue to look like sore losers who didn’t accept the WILL OF THE PEOPLE in the last election - they will do anything to get rid of the President.” @AriFleischer It will never work!
“There is no Collusion. All of these investigations are in search of a crime. Democrats have no evidence to impeach President Trump. Ridiculous!” @DevinNunes @FoxNews
Presidential Harassment! https://t.co/2Cz5ckERcs
“The American Media has changed forever. News organizations that seemed like a big deal are now extinct.  Those that remain have now degraded themselves beyond recognition like the New Yorker - or they’ve been purchased by Jeff Bezos to conduct unregistered lobbying for.........
.... Amazon like the Washington Post. It’s hard to remember that not so long ago America had prestige media outlets but not anymore.” @TuckerCarlson   The Fake News Media is the true Enemy of the People!
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCathyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
“We the people will now be subjected to the biggest display of modern day McCarthyism....which is the widest fishing net expedition....every aspect of the presidents life....all in order to get power back so they can institute Socialism.” @seanhannity
Representative Ilhan Omar is again under fire for her terrible comments concerning Israel. Jewish groups have just sent a petition to Speaker Pelosi asking her to remove Omar from Foreign Relations Committee. A dark day for Israel!
@StarParker is indeed a “Star!” Thank you. Center for Urban Renewal &amp; Ed. @JesseBWatters @LauraIngram
Now that they realize the only Collusion with Russia was done by Crooked Hillary Clinton &amp; the Democrats Nadler Schiff and the Dem heads of the Committees have gone stone cold CRAZY. 81 letter sent to innocent people to harass them. They won’t get ANYTHING done for our Country!
“HIV Is Cured In 2nd Patient Doctors Report.” @nytimes  Such great news for so many. Tremendous progress being made!
The greatest overreach in the history of our Country. The Dems are obstructing justice and will not get anything done. A big fat fishing expedition desperately in search of a crime when in fact the real crime is what the Dems are doing and have done!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Republican Approval Rating just hit 93%. Sorry Haters! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Our great First Lady (@FLOTUS) will be doing a LIVE show TODAY at 1:00 PM PT with the terrific @EricBolling at the @WestgateVegas Resort. She’s on her #BeBest Tour helping address the #OpioidCrisis. Free admission for the first 1500 people!
Just a few moments ago I signed an EO addressing one of our nation’s most heartbreaking tragedies: VETERANS SUICIDE. To every Veteran—I want you to know that you have an entire nation of more than 300 million people behind you. You will NEVER be forgotten.https://t.co/DKxiV5Ku3B
Scott Gottlieb who has done an absolutely terrific job as Commissioner of the FDA plans to leave government service sometime next month....
....Scott has helped us to lower drug prices get a record number of generic drugs approved and onto the market and so many other things. He and his talents will be greatly missed!
“(Crooked) Hillary Clinton confirms she will not run in 2020 rules out a third bid for White House.” Aw-shucks does that mean I won’t get to run against her again? She will be sorely missed!
Presidential Harassment! https://t.co/AHz6kLliaC
Hans Von Spakovsky “I haven’t seen any evidence of actual violations of the law which is usually a basis before you start an investigation. Adam Schiff seems to be copying Joseph McCarthy in wanting to open up investigations when they don’t have any evidence of wrongdoing.”
Weirdo Tom Steyer doesn’t have the “guts” or money to run for President. He’s all talk! https://t.co/klmVsCmeNE
Senate Republicans are not voting on constitutionality or precedent they are voting on desperately needed Border Security &amp; the Wall. Our Country is being invaded with Drugs Human Traffickers &amp; Criminals of all shapes and sizes. That’s what this vote is all about. STAY UNITED!
It is shameful that House Democrats won’t take a stronger stand against Anti-Semitism in their conference. Anti-Semitism has fueled atrocities throughout history and it’s inconceivable they will not act to condemn it!
American Workforce Policy Advisory Board Meeting at the @WhiteHouse! https://t.co/izb2tTrINB
Congressman Chris Stewart: “No one is accusing the President of a crime and yet they (the Democrats) are issuing hundreds of subpoenas. This is unprecedented.” They are desperately trying to find anything they can even a punctuation mistake in a document!
Wall Street Journal: “More migrant families crossing into the U.S. illegally have been arrested in the first five months of the federal fiscal year than in any prior full year.” We are doing a great job at the border but this is a National Emergency!
Democrats just blocked @FoxNews from holding a debate. Good then I think I’ll do the same thing with the Fake News Networks and the Radical Left Democrats in the General Election debates!
It was not a campaign contribution and there were no violations of the campaign finance laws by me. Fake News!
We are on track to APPREHEND more than one million people coming across the Southern Border this year. Great job by Border Patrol (and others) who are working in a Broken System. Can be fixed by Congress so easily and quickly if only the Democrats would get on board!
Breaking News @MSNBC: “Cohen’s lawyer contradicts Cohen’s testimony about never seeking a Presidential Pardon.”
The Wall is being built and is well under construction. Big impact will be made. Many additional contracts are close to being signed. Far ahead of schedule despite all of the Democrat Obstruction and Fake News!
Thank you @foxandfriends. Great show!
I cannot believe the level of dishonesty in the media. It is totally out of control but we are winning!
PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT!
Both the Judge and the lawyer in the Paul Manafort case stated loudly and for the world to hear that there was NO COLLUSION with Russia. But the Witch Hunt Hoax continues as you now add these statements to House &amp; Senate Intelligence &amp; Senator Burr. So bad for our Country!
“This is as good a time as I can remember to be an American Worker. We have the strongest economy in the world.”  Stuart Varney @foxandfriends  So true!
We are apprehending record numbers of illegal immigrants - but we need the Wall to help our great Border Patrol Agents!
Women’s unemployment rate is down to 3.6% - was 7.9% in January 2011. Things are looking good!
On International Women’s Day we honor women worldwide for their vital role in shaping and strengthening our communities families governments and businesses...https://t.co/VVnkuBPmhA
Heading now to the Great State of Alabama!
Bad lawyer and fraudster Michael Cohen said under sworn testimony that he never asked for a Pardon. His lawyers totally contradicted him. He lied! Additionally he directly asked me for a pardon. I said NO. He lied again! He also badly wanted to work at the White House. He lied!
Congratulations to Heather Wilson who is the sole finalist to become the next President of University of Texas at El Paso effective September 1 2019. Heather has done an absolutely fantastic job...
....as Secretary of the Air Force and I know she will be equally great in the very important world of higher education. A strong thank you to Heather for her service.
Aluminum prices are down 12% since I instituted Tariffs on Aluminum Dumping - and the U.S. will be taking in Billions plus jobs. Nice!
Sessions didn’t have a clue! https://t.co/XlLpnINOBv
Unimaginable loss - Such great people! https://t.co/AV9oi8XuaE
.@RepMikeTurner  “The only time that Michael Cohen told the truth is when he pled that he is guilty.”  Also when he said no collusion and I did not tell him to lie!”
https://t.co/QUuEBfFo44
Border Patrol and Law Enforcement has apprehended (captured) large numbers of illegal immigrants at the Border. They won’t be coming into the U.S. The Wall is being built and will greatly help us in the future and now!
I hope the grandstanding Governor of California is able to spend his very highly taxed citizens money on asylum holds more efficiently than money has been spent on the so-called Fast Train which is $Billions over budget &amp; in total disarray. Time to reduce taxes in California!
Wacky Nut Job @AnnCoulter who still hasn’t figured out that despite all odds and an entire Democrat Party of Far Left Radicals against me (not to mention certain Republicans who are sadly unwilling to fight) I am winning on the Border. Major sections of Wall are being built...
....and renovated with MUCH MORE to follow shortly. Tens of thousands of illegals are being apprehended (captured) at the Border and NOT allowed into our Country. With another President millions would be pouring in. I am stopping an invasion as the Wall gets built. #MAGA
The Witch Hunt continues! https://t.co/9W1iUgE0d6
This is just the beginning! https://t.co/PYwFGVGUxX
Will soon be 145 Judges! https://t.co/LoTbT4RFJj
“Donald Trump’s Approval Rating is at or near his highest level ever. The media is not being honest about what is happening in this Country.” Jesse Watters
Despite the most hostile and corrupt media in the history of American politics the Trump Administration has accomplished more in its first two years than any other Administration. Judges biggest Tax &amp; Regulation Cuts V.A. Choice Best Economy Lowest Unemployment &amp; much more!
More people are working today in the United States 158000000 than at any time in our Country’s history. That is a Big Deal!
“There’s not one shred of evidence that President Trump has done anything wrong.” @GrahamLedger One America News.  So true a total Witch Hunt - All started illegally by Crooked Hillary Clinton the DNC and others!
At a recent round table meeting of business executives &amp; long after formally introducing Tim Cook of Apple I quickly referred to Tim + Apple as Tim/Apple as an easy way to save time &amp; words. The Fake News was disparagingly all over this &amp; it became yet another bad Trump story!
Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O.K. with me!
Republican Senators have a very easy vote this week. It is about Border Security and the Wall (stopping Crime Drugs etc.) not Constitutionality and Precedent. It is an 80% positive issue. The Dems are 100% United as usual on a 20% issue Open Borders and Crime. Get tough R’s!
“Jewish people are leaving the Democratic Party. We saw a lot of anti Israel policies start under the Obama Administration and it got worsts &amp; worse. There is anti-Semitism in the Democratic Party. They don’t care about Israel or the Jewish people.” Elizabeth Pipko Jexodus.
Patrick Moore co-founder of Greenpeace: “The whole climate crisis is not only Fake News it’s Fake Science. There is no climate crisis there’s weather and climate all around the world and in fact carbon dioxide is the main building block of all life.” @foxandfriends  Wow!
Airplanes are becoming far too complex to fly. Pilots are no longer needed but rather computer scientists from MIT. I see it all the time in many products. Always seeking to go one unnecessary step further when often old and simpler is far better. Split second decisions are....
....needed and the complexity creates danger. All of this for great cost yet very little gain. I don’t know about you but I don’t want Albert Einstein to be my pilot. I want great flying professionals that are allowed to easily and quickly take control of a plane!
New York State and its Governor Andrew Cuomo are now proud members of the group of PRESIDENTIAL HARASSERS. No wonder people are fleeing the State in record numbers. The Witch Hunt continues!
All part of the Witch Hunt! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Coumo. So many leaving New York! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
All part of the Witch Hunt Hoax. Started by little Eric Schneiderman &amp; Cuomo. So many leaving New York! https://t.co/5HCCNFZXFN
So many records being set with respect to our Economy. Unemployment numbers among BEST EVER. A beautiful thing to watch!
I greatly appreciate Nancy Pelosi’s statement against impeachment but everyone must remember the minor fact that I never did anything wrong the Economy and Unemployment are the best ever Military and Vets are great - and many other successes! How do you impeach....
....a man who is considered by many to be the President with the most successful first two years in history especially when he has done nothing wrong and impeachment is for “high crimes and misdemeanors”?
“Jay Leno points out that comedy (on the very boring late night shows) is totally one-sided. It’s tough when there’s only one topic.” @foxandfriends  Actually the one-sided hatred on these shows is incredible and for me unwatchable. But remember WE are number one - President!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
Defying voters the Governor of California will halt all death penalty executions of 737 stone cold killers. Friends and families of the always forgotten VICTIMS are not thrilled and neither am I!
The just revealed FBI Agent Lisa Page transcripts make the Obama Justice Department look exactly like it was a broken and corrupt machine. Hopefully justice will finally be served. Much more to come!
The Fake News photoshopped pictures of Melania then propelled conspiracy theories that it’s actually not her by my side in Alabama and other places. They are only getting more deranged with time!
Comey testified (under oath) that it was a “unanimous” decision on Crooked Hillary. Lisa Page transcripts show he LIED. @jasoninthehouse
Democrats will have a unanimous vote on a 20% issue in opposing Republican Senators tomorrow. The Dems are for Open Borders and Crime!
Republican Senators are overthinking tomorrow’s vote on National Emergency. It is very simply Border Security/No Crime - Should not be thought of any other way. We have a MAJOR NATIONAL EMERGENCY at our Border and the People of our Country know it very well!
https://t.co/2qWkPuFDL6
“Double Standard - Former FBI lawyer (Lisa Page) admits being told to go easy on Clinton.”  Very unfair!  @FoxNews
“The Lisa Page (FBI) transcript also confirms earlier reporting that Page testified Russian Collusion was still unproven when Special Counsel Robert Mueller was appointed.” Catherine Herridge @FoxNews  In other words they appointed someone when there was (and is) no crime. Bad!
I agree with Rand Paul. This is a total disgrace and should NEVER happen to another President! https://t.co/czcUbee9x7
“Democrats are frantic to throw something else at the President. That’s why you saw those 81 subpoenas. It’s ridiculous. Just because your still upset over an election that happened 2 1/2 years ago you should not be allowed to ruin people’s lives like this.” Lara Trump @FoxNews
A big National Emergency vote today by The United States Senate on Border Security &amp; the Wall (which is already under major construction). I am prepared to veto if necessary. The Southern Border is a National Security and Humanitarian Nightmare but it can be easily fixed!
My Administration looks forward to negotiating a large scale Trade Deal with the United Kingdom. The potential is unlimited!
The Democrats are “Border Deniers.” They refuse to see or acknowledge the Death Crime Drugs and Human Trafficking at our Southern Border!
The three very weak and untalented late night “hosts” are “fighting over table scraps. Carson did a great job it wasn’t political. I don’t know what they’re going to do in 2024 when he’s no longer President?  Will be wacky in the unemployment line.” Michael Loftus @foxandfriends
Happy National Ag Day! https://t.co/hNkOh0TqvW
Prominent legal scholars agree that our actions to address the National Emergency at the Southern Border and to protect the American people are both CONSTITUTIONAL and EXPRESSLY authorized by Congress....
....If at a later date Congress wants to update the law I will support those efforts but today’s issue is BORDER SECURITY and Crime!!! Don’t vote with Pelosi!
A vote for today’s resolution by Republican Senators is a vote for Nancy Pelosi Crime and the Open Border Democrats!
Congratulations @Toyota! BIG NEWS for U.S. Auto Workers! The USMCA is already fixing the broken NAFTA deal. https://t.co/f9iHprPk5B
VETO!
I look forward to VETOING the just passed Democrat inspired Resolution which would OPEN BORDERS while increasing Crime Drugs and Trafficking in our Country. I thank all of the Strong Republicans who voted to support Border Security and our desperately needed WALL!
https://t.co/884dpZi52P
Breitbart News Network https://t.co/HdGfwuASWC via @BreitbartNews
My warmest sympathy and best wishes goes out to the people of New Zealand after the horrible massacre in the Mosques. 49 innocent people have so senselessly died with so many more seriously injured. The U.S. stands by New Zealand for anything we can do. God bless all!
The ‘Jexodus’ movement encourages Jewish people to leave the Democrat Party. Total disrespect! Republicans are waiting with open arms. Remember Jerusalem (U.S. Embassy) and the horrible Iran Nuclear Deal! @OANN  @foxandfriends
“New evidence that the Obama era team of the FBI DOJ &amp; CIA were working together to Spy on (and take out) President Trump all the way back in 2015.” A transcript of Peter Strzok’s testimony is devastating. Hopefully the Mueller Report will be covering this. @OANN @foxandfriends
So if there was knowingly &amp; acknowledged to be “zero” crime when the Special Counsel was appointed and if the appointment was made based on the Fake Dossier (paid for by Crooked Hillary) and now disgraced Andrew McCabe (he &amp; all stated no crime) then the Special Counsel.......
....should never have been appointed and there should be no Mueller Report. This was an illegal &amp; conflicted investigation in search of a crime. Russian Collusion was nothing more than an excuse by the Democrats for losing an Election that they thought they were going to win.....
.....THIS SHOULD NEVER HAPPEN TO A PRESIDENT AGAIN!
I’d like to thank all of the Great Republican Senators who bravely voted for Strong Border Security and the WALL. This will help stop Crime Human Trafficking and Drugs entering our Country. Watch when you get back to your State they will LOVE you more than ever before!
Just spoke with Jacinda Ardern the Prime Minister of New Zealand regarding the horrific events that have taken place over the past 24 hours. I informed the Prime Minister....
....that we stand in solidarity with New Zealand – and that any assistance the U.S.A. can give we stand by ready to help. We love you New Zealand!
https://t.co/tEgQFkcMs1
Just spoke w/ @GovRicketts. The people of Nebraska &amp; across the Midwest especially the Farmers &amp; Ranchers are feeling the impacts from severe weather. The first responders &amp; emergency response teams have done a great job dealing w/ record flooding high winds &amp; road closures.
https://t.co/B6NgsZuJdy
https://t.co/lopau8H33l
On the recent non-binding vote (420-0) in Congress about releasing the Mueller Report I told leadership to let all Republicans vote for transparency. Makes us all look good and doesn’t matter. Play along with the game!
https://t.co/oCPqP4v1fH
Veto Message to the House of Representatives for H.J. Res. 46: https://t.co/9Z5JHAUv6N https://t.co/lA4RSYTZo0
https://t.co/WQThgHWcg4
Mark Morgan Former Border Patrol Chief with great experience in Law Enforcement really understands the subjects of Immigration and the Border. Thank you Mark!  @foxandfriends
This is a National Emergency...https://t.co/AAKBuNW2ro
Spreading the fake and totally discredited Dossier “is unfortunately a very dark stain against John McCain.” Ken Starr Former Independent Counsel. He had far worse “stains” than this including thumbs down on repeal and replace after years of campaigning to repeal and replace!
Because the economy is so good General Motors must get their Lordstown Ohio plant open maybe in a different form or with a new owner FAST! Toyota is investing 13.5 $Billion in U.S. others likewise. G.M. MUST ACT QUICKLY. Time is of the essence!
Google is helping China and their military but not the U.S. Terrible! The good news is that they helped Crooked Hillary Clinton and not Trump....and how did that turn out?
How is the Paris Environmental Accord working out for France? After 18 weeks of rioting by the Yellow Vest Protesters I guess not so well! In the meantime the United States has gone to the top of all lists on the Environment.
It’s truly incredible that shows like Saturday Night Live not funny/no talent can spend all of their time knocking the same person (me) over &amp; over without so much of a mention of “the other side.” Like an advertisement without consequences. Same with Late Night Shows......
....Should Federal Election Commission and/or FCC look into this? There must be Collusion with the Democrats and of course Russia! Such one sided media coverage most of it Fake News. Hard to believe I won and am winning. Approval Rating 52% 93% with Republicans. Sorry!  #MAGA
Report: Christopher Steele backed up his Democrat &amp; Crooked Hillary paid for Fake &amp; Unverified Dossier with information he got from “send in watchers” of low ratings CNN. This is the info that got us the Witch Hunt!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems working together  failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
So it was indeed (just proven in court papers) “last in his class” (Annapolis) John McCain that sent the Fake Dossier to the FBI and Media hoping to have it printed BEFORE the Election. He &amp; the Dems working together failed (as usual). Even the Fake News refused this garbage!
Happy St. Patrick’s Day! ☘️ https://t.co/WmuNzJSRr8
Bring back @JudgeJeanine Pirro. The Radical Left Democrats working closely with their beloved partner the Fake News Media is using every trick in the book to SILENCE a majority of our Country. They have all out campaigns against @FoxNews hosts who are doing too well. Fox .....
....must stay strong and fight back with vigor. Stop working soooo hard on being politically correct which will only bring you down and continue to fight for our Country. The losers all want what you have don’t give it to them. Be strong &amp; prosper be weak &amp; die! Stay true....
https://t.co/gj32A6PowS
....to the people that got you there. Keep fighting for Tucker and fight hard for @JudgeJeanine. Your competitors are jealous - they all want what you’ve got - NUMBER ONE. Don’t hand it to them on a silver platter. They can’t beat you you can only beat yourselves!
https://t.co/yvJpMzy3R4
Democrat UAW Local 1112 President David Green ought to get his act together and produce. G.M. let our Country down but other much better car companies are coming into the U.S. in droves. I want action on Lordstown fast. Stop complaining and get the job done! 3.8% Unemployment!
Were @FoxNews weekend anchors @ArthelNeville and @LelandVittert trained by CNN prior to their ratings collapse? In any event that’s where they should be working along with their lowest rated anchor Shepard Smith!
Those Republican Senators who voted in favor of Strong Border Security (and the Wall) are being uniformly praised as they return to their States. They know there is a National Emergency at the Southern Border and they had the courage to ACT. Great job!
Just spoke to Mary Barra CEO of General Motors about the Lordstown Ohio plant. I am not happy that it is closed when everything else in our Country is BOOMING. I asked her to sell it or do something quickly. She blamed the UAW Union — I don’t care I just want it open!
What the Democrats have done in trying to steal a Presidential Election first at the “ballot box” and then after that failed with the “Insurance Policy” is the biggest Scandal in the history of our Country!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
General Motors and the UAW are going to start “talks” in September/October. Why wait start them now! I want jobs to stay in the U.S.A. and want Lordstown (Ohio) in one of the best economies in our history opened or sold to a company who will open it up fast! Car companies.....
....are all coming back to the U.S. So is everyone else. We now have the best Economy in the World the envy of all. Get that big beautiful plant in Ohio open now. Close a plant in China or Mexico where you invested so heavily pre-Trump but not in the U.S.A. Bring jobs home!
93% Approval Rating in the Republican Party. Thank you!
Joe Biden got tongue tied over the weekend when he was unable to properly deliver a very simple line about his decision to run for President. Get used to it another low I.Q. individual!
The Fake News Media is working overtime to blame me for the horrible attack in New Zealand. They will have to work very hard to prove that one. So Ridiculous!
Wow! A Suffolk/USA Today Poll just out states “50% of Americans AGREE that  Robert Mueller’s investigation is a Witch Hunt.” @MSNBC  Very few think it is legit! We will soon find out?
GDP growth during the four quarters of 2018 was the fastest since 2005. This Administration is the first on record to have experienced economic growth that meets or exceeds its own forecasts in each of its first two years in office. GROWTH is beating MARKET EXPECTATIONS!
https://t.co/sb4UfYkFWI
My team is staying in close contact with Governor Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) of Iowa and the local officials managing these floods. We support you and thank all of the first responders working long hours to help the great people of Iowa! https://t.co/mZ4grxQ1Sa
Our prayers are with the great people of South Dakota. We are staying in close contact with @GovKristiNoem and all the State and Local leaders during and after these devastating floods. Everyone be safe! https://t.co/9CNcPJZ3qi
https://t.co/precsXDarx
While the press doesn’t like writing about it nor do I need them to I donate my yearly Presidential salary of $400000.00 to different agencies throughout the year this to Homeland Security. If I didn’t do it there would be hell to pay from the FAKE NEWS MEDIA! https://t.co/xqIGUOwh4x
Rep. Devin Nunes Files $250M Defamation Lawsuit Against Twitter Two Anonymous Twitter Accounts https://t.co/fT9ZXdWg7z via @thedailybeast
https://t.co/QxJBMTAZqG
https://t.co/h2bZ1p3UlY
The Fake News Media has NEVER been more Dishonest or Corrupt than it is right now. There has never been a time like this in American History. Very exciting but also very sad! Fake News is the absolute Enemy of the People and our Country itself!
A total loser! https://t.co/vm3Vv2f9jf
“You can’t dispel this mood of positive energy.”  @Varneyco  The Economy is Great!
Facebook Google and Twitter not to mention the Corrupt Media are sooo on the side of the Radical Left Democrats. But fear not we will win anyway just like we did before! #MAGA
I will be looking into this! #StopTheBias https://t.co/ZTWQolvmdM
https://t.co/95I4towyEP
Amazingly CNN just released a poll at 71% saying that the economy is in the best shape since 2001 18 years! WOW is CNN becoming a believer?
Thank you @JesseBWatters could not have said it any better myself! https://t.co/HirL10zwZl
Campaigning for the Popular Vote is much easier &amp; different than campaigning for the Electoral College. It’s like training for the 100 yard dash vs. a marathon. The brilliance of the Electoral College is that you must go to many States to win. With the Popular Vote you go to....
....just the large States - the Cities would end up running the Country. Smaller States &amp; the entire Midwest would end up losing all power - &amp; we can’t let that happen. I used to like the idea of the Popular Vote but now realize the Electoral College is far better for the U.S.A.
Not a good situation! https://t.co/uaMcSrX4yM
The Democrats are getting very “strange.” They now want to change the voting age to 16 abolish the Electoral College and Increase significantly the number of Supreme Court Justices. Actually you’ve got to win it at the Ballot Box!
George Conway often referred to as Mr. Kellyanne Conway by those who know him is VERY jealous of his wife’s success &amp; angry that I with her help didn’t give him the job he so desperately wanted. I barely know him but just take a look a stone cold LOSER &amp; husband from hell!
I am thrilled to be here in Ohio with the hardworking men and women of the Lima Army Tank Plant! We are here today to celebrate a resounding victory for all of you for Northwest Ohio for our GREAT MILITARY and for our entire Country...https://t.co/ZWbjX0Be9m
Great news from @Ford! They are investing nearly $1 BILLION in Flat Rock Michigan for auto production on top of a $1 BILLION investment last month in a facility outside of Chicago. Companies are pouring back into the United States - they want to be where the action is!
Really beautiful to see! https://t.co/DKq2TIeiSs
ISIS Caliphate two years ago in red vs. ISIS Caliphate TODAY. (Was even worse in November 2016 before I took office). https://t.co/MUgfex4rCj
https://t.co/ssJNhlTMzy
Leaving the GREAT STATE of OHIO for the @WhiteHouse. A really great day!
https://t.co/UhTjBuWY2h
“The reason we have the Special Counsel investigation is that James Comey (a dirty cop) leaked his memos to a friend who leaked them to the press on purpose.” @KennedyNation Totally illegal!
“John Solomon: As Russia Collusion fades Ukrainian plot to help Clinton emerges.” @seanhannity  @FoxNews
After 52 years it is time for the United States to fully recognize Israel’s Sovereignty over the Golan Heights which is of critical strategic and security importance to the State of Israel and Regional Stability!
We are here today to take historic action to defend American Students and American Values. In a few moments I will be signing an Executive Order to protect FREE SPEECH on College Campuses.https://t.co/gFFnSl1bEF
Today we celebrate the lives and achievements of Americans with Down Syndrome. @VP and I will always stand with these wonderful families and together we will always stand for LIFE! #WorldDownSyndromeDay https://t.co/u7vrG7JnCP
3.1 GDP FOR THE YEAR BEST NUMBER IN 14 YEARS!
https://t.co/qjoe0rc3rQ
“Our own Benjamin Hall is doing fantastic reporting on ISIS right on the from line (True). ISIS was willing to die but now because of big pressure save for a few people in caves most have surrendered. A testament to our President.” Thank you Pete Hegseth @foxandfriends
https://t.co/du665IcD5H
https://t.co/wbQiy4uGYM
ISIS uses the internet better than almost anyone but for all of those susceptible to ISIS propaganda they are now being beaten badly at every level....
....There is nothing to admire about them they will always try to show a glimmer of vicious hope but they are losers and barely breathing. Think about that before you destroy your lives and the lives of your family!
It is my pleasure to announce that @StephenMoore a very respected Economist will be nominated to serve on the Fed Board. I have known Steve for a long time – and have no doubt he will be an outstanding choice!
It was announced today by the U.S. Treasury that additional large scale Sanctions would be added to those already existing Sanctions on North Korea. I have today ordered the withdrawal of those additional Sanctions!
Today in Florida @FLOTUS and I were honored to welcome and meet with leaders from the Bahamas Dominican Republic Haiti Jamaica and Saint Lucia! https://t.co/tElFdkIYfC
Good Morning Have A Great Day!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
No Collusion No Obstruction Complete and Total EXONERATION. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
“No matter your ideologies or your loyalties this is a good day for America. No American conspired to cooperate with Russia in its efforts to interfere with the 2016 election according to Robert Mueller and that is good.”  @BretBaier  @FoxNews
“The Special Counsel did not find that the Trump Campaign or anyone associated with it conspired or coordinated with the Russian Government in these efforts despite multiple offers from Russian-affiliated individuals to assist the Trump Campaign.”
“Breaking News: Mueller Report Finds No Trump-Russia Conspiracy.” @MSNBC
https://t.co/DAT0cT72WX
https://t.co/G4RNXzoWqc
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister @Netanyahu of Israel back to the @WhiteHouse where I signed a Presidential Proclamation recognizing Israel’s sovereignty over the Golan Heights. Read more: https://t.co/yAAyR2Hxe4 https://t.co/gWp6nwRwsY
WSJ: Obama Admin Must Account for ‘Abuse of Surveillance Powers’ https://t.co/mIE0vOFZae via @BreitbartNews
A team of great champions! https://t.co/Pm5p9L6TaX
The Mainstream Media is under fire and being scorned all over the World as being corrupt and FAKE. For two years they pushed the Russian Collusion Delusion when they always knew there was No Collusion. They truly are the Enemy of the People and the Real Opposition Party!
“What we’re seeing on Capital Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork  @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
“What we’re seeing on Capitol Hill right now is that the Democrats are walking back any charges of Collusion against the President.” @ByronYork @BillHemmer Should never have been started a disgrace!
The Republican Party will become “The Party of Healthcare!”
“A Catastrophic Media Failure” https://t.co/dkHo5kHwwf
Thank you to the House Republicans for sticking together and the BIG WIN today on the Border. Today’s vote simply reaffirms Congressional Democrats are the party of Open Borders Drugs and Crime!
“Proclamation on Recognizing the Golan Heights as Part of the State of Israel” https://t.co/yAAyR2Hxe4 https://t.co/VccUpjMJqZ
“I think this is probably the most consequential media screwup of the last 25 to 50 years. It is difficult to comprehend or overstate the damage that the media did to the Country to their own reputation or to the Constitution. An absolute catastrophe” Sean Davis  @TuckerCarlson
https://t.co/P46CNUBicX
https://t.co/Ing9BhBQGi
The Fake News Media has lost tremendous credibility with its corrupt coverage of the illegal Democrat Witch Hunt of your all time favorite duly elected President me! T.V. ratings of CNN &amp; MSNBC tanked last night after seeing the Mueller Report statement. @FoxNews up BIG!
.@GreggJarrett: “Trump-Russia 'collusion' was always a hoax -- and dirtiest political trick in modern US history” https://t.co/H59Q1UL64g
https://t.co/kTXRgcuk5x
Just met with @SundarPichai President of @Google who is obviously doing quite well. He stated strongly that he is totally committed to the U.S. Military not the Chinese Military....
....Also discussed political fairness and various things that @Google can do for our Country. Meeting ended very well!
We are here today to award America’s highest military honor to a fallen hero who made the supreme sacrifice for our nation – Staff Sergeant Travis Atkins...https://t.co/q3J8BhRnhA
https://t.co/lGxIGgf43F
https://t.co/Tjz6ZjVV79
Will be heading to Grand Rapids Michigan tonight for a Big Rally. Will be talking about the many exciting things that are happening to our Country but also the car companies &amp; others that are pouring back into Michigan Ohio Pennsylvania North &amp; South Carolina &amp; all over!
The Fake News Media is going Crazy! They are suffering a major “breakdown” have ZERO credibility or respect &amp; must be thinking about going legit. I have learned to live with Fake News which has never been more corrupt than it is right now. Someday I will tell you the secret!
Mexico is doing NOTHING to help stop the flow of illegal immigrants to our Country. They are all talk and no action. Likewise Honduras Guatemala and El Salvador have taken our money for years and do Nothing. The Dems don’t care such BAD laws. May close the Southern Border!
FBI &amp; DOJ to review the outrageous Jussie Smollett case in Chicago. It is an embarrassment to our Nation!
Congressman Adam Schiff who spent two years knowingly and unlawfully lying and leaking should be forced to resign from Congress!
Wow ratings for “Morning Joe” which were really bad in the first place just “tanked” with the release of the Mueller Report. Likewise other shows on MSNBC and CNN have gone down by as much as 50%. Just shows Fake News never wins!
Very important that OPEC increase the flow of Oil. World Markets are fragile price of Oil getting too high. Thank you!